camera pos 797.txt i think is a " must " for any beginner , for a low price you can have almost all the different size of ep . try them for a few months and then when you will be completely sure what do you want and buy the ep that you need . 
music neg 390.txt there are only two artists ' music that i will purchase not having heard one note of the cd . those two artists are barbra streisand and linda eder . " songs of judy garland " was a huge disappointment . i was surprised at the cd cover . i do n't know what " look " ms. eder was shooting for but she missed the mark . instead of coming off as 10 years younger , she has been transformed to the point of being unrecognizable . she looks both spooky and a little like a petulant child . ms. eder has always been a very attractive woman and definitely did not need this kind of " makeover " . and the music...i tried so many times to like it . but the more i listended the more i realized i was listening to " liza minnelli " singing her mother 's music . i did not hear linda eder . i 'm begging you ms. eder , go back to what works . i 'm sorry...this does n't 
books neg 252.txt this book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or european or is overly valued in american history textbooks . loewen does have many valid points about what history textbooks omit , but the degree to which he is clearly slanted to the left is ludicrous . " lies my teacher told me " could have been an amazing book , but all it did was aggrivate me and motivate me to write a 23 page paper debunking half of what the author wrote , much to the dismay of my idiotic sociology professor . the only reason i did n't give the book 1 star is because the overall intent and effort put forth were good , but the book as a whole is just far too biased 
books neg 271.txt in the name of science , you will try to prove with propagande ; if you really want to decode how junk scientifics manipulate the world : go http : / / nomorefakenews.com and do not buy this junk book 
camera neg 652.txt here 's the good news : i have had many cameras in my life , digital and film , and i have found the z1 to be my favorite . the camera is very user friendly and the pictures are sharp with great color . my previous camera was a minolta dimage 7 ( $800 ) and i found that this camera 's photo quality was just as good . the best feature of the camera is the fact that it is sturdy and compact enough to carry with you daily . owning this camera made taking pictures a daily part of my life . here 's the bad news : recently my camera broke and when i tried to contact fuji to get a replacement or a repair , the service was terrible . their website is very difficult to navigate and offers very little support . summary : great camera as long as it does n't break . it 's easier to pay someone to fix it than actually get fuji to repair it 
books pos 18.txt the ny times book review linked this novel to the aftermath of 9-11 , but that may have more to do with the preoccupation of new yorkers than with the story powers wrote . while he does refer to 9-11 early on , this book concerns environmentalism and species conservation versus wrong-headed economic development in the great plains at the western edge of the midwestern farming belt . it is about the struggle not to loose even more economic ground relative to the rest of america in a region that is being slowly drained of its population due to the changing scale of agricultural operations . but since it is a richard powers novel , it is also about much more : neuro-physiology , brain function as reflected in behavior and personality , the devotion of a 30ish sister to her less-able younger brother , her sexual relations with two very different men , and a nationally-known writer ( clearly modeled on oliver sachs ) who has a late mid-life crisis . it is about love , devotion , and doing as much of the right thing as one can do . it involves escape and return . clearly , powers should not be considered a regional writer . his books have been set entirely or partly in brooklyn , manhattan , philadelphia , l . a . , the pacific northwest , and the continent of europe . but several books by powers are set in the midwest where he is based . readers who know something of the areas in which those stories are set will gain an extra measure of appreciation for the skillful way powers incorporates subtle regional characteristics into these novels . as others have said , this is probably not the best novel this writer has given us , although it is quite carefully plotted , and full of the marvelous insights we have come to expect from him . i prefer the goldbug variations , three farmers on their way to a dance , and , despite my own musical illiteracy , in the time of our singing . but even when powers is not quite at his best , he writes a better book than most novelists ever manage ever to produce . read , enjoy , learn 
music pos 444.txt this is the only albulm i have of the exies for christmas i am getting the last albulm . if its the same as this one the exies must be good . this is the best albulm i have listened to . my favourites are ugly , babtise me , splinter and dear enemy my least favourites are none i like every song its an amazing albulm . ihave listened to some of the tracks over and over again and everytime i think wow this band should be more popular from craig from the uk 
camera pos 764.txt i bought this rangefinder for golf . it is small enough that i could keep it in my pocket . it really helps me with the approach shots to the greens . it takes a bit of experience to be able to focus on the flag . i usually use a person on the green as my target . after i got an approximate read , i use the scan mode to find the exact distance to the flag . be careful with the tiny battery cover . it came loose and i lost it on the golf course . fortunately , i recovered it amongst the green grass . the cover is also green . i now put a tape over it to secure the cover . 
dvd neg 857.txt batman begins is soooo much better than this or any other of the batman movies . nicholson sucked as the joker . joker is a comedian who had an accident trying to pull a robbery to help his pregnant wife . he is not a gangster or the one who killed batman 's parents ! ! ! ! he is a psycho and batman 's nemesis ! ! ! you ca n't kill him off ! ! ! how stupid is that ? ! ! ! who came up with that one . keaton is a sissy , christian bale could beat him down ! ! ! keaton did not have the physical prescence to play batman . all in all , a joke of a comic movie..but it is better than daredevil ! ! ! ! : - 
software pos 297.txt i was a little leary about purchasing this product , having never tried anything like it before and being fairly new to the computer world . i was delighted to find how easily the toast 8 system worked for me . the owner 's manual is very specific , and while i am still discovering all the capabilities of this software , i have found it to be extremely useful . i recommend this product very highly 
camera pos 134.txt i searched and researched the lens to purchase with my canon rebel xti for weeks because i knew that i did not want the kit lens . i also did not have the money to spend on a 5 , 6 , or $700 dollar lens . in the end after reading countless reviews , ones implementing professional techniques and ones using just opinion , this lens looked to be the best value . for the money i really do n't think that you can beat this lens . it focuses quickly , it is really quiet while doing it , and it is sharp enough for the money . plus it has full time manual focus , which is a really big plus for a lens in this price range . the only problem is it is a little on the narrow side with the 1.6 crop factor on the rebel xti , but i would much rather have to deal with that than a sub-par image . in summary i would recommend this lens in place of the kit lens to anyone who does n't have the money to buy an " l " series lens . it is really a great value 
health pos 384.txt upgraded to this razor after my old remington died , and i 've been very happy with it . it cut a bit close , which irritated my skin at first , but i think that was just me getting used to the " lift & cut . " this would be an excellent razor if it was n't for two features ( or lack thereof ) that make it a pain to use . 1. the internal battery is nicd . this type of battery has " memory " to it , which means for optimal performance , the battery should be fully drained before you recharge it . otherwise , the life of the battery will slowly shorten until the battery is useless . 2. there is n't a low battery indicator . by itself , either of these features would n't pose a problem . combined , you 're left wondering when you 'll have to charge the shaver , or when you 're off on that business trip , if you 'll need to bring the charger . in the long run , this razor is cheap enough and i expect the battery to last for years . still , it would have been better if the battery was made of nimh or some technology that 's not 15 years old . 
software pos 834.txt i bought this product because i had tried with great success another punch product . it was so easy to use and load onto my computer . it was a great value to be able to have one product that allows me to redesign anything from interior floors and walls , to my deck and plants outside 
software pos 492.txt i really liked this version of office . it makes formatting and other tasks like making tables , inserting bullets and the likes much easier . i have not done any work on excel 07 yet , so i ca n't give any feedback about it 
music pos 634.txt ok ( i imagine there 's still drool over my & quot ; earlier&quot ; review...and my wife is none too pleased either.. . ) truth or dare time ! i bought this cd out of none-too-scientifical curiousity , that , and & quot ; let me blow ya mind&quot ; - and guess what ? i 'm beginnin ' to dig the entire cd . as i mentioned , 99 & amp ; 44 / 100th% of & quot ; rap music&quot ; fully explains to me what gregg allman meant when he sang , & quot ; it 's not my cross to bear . &quot ; ok , that being said , eve pulls no punches ( although the & quot ; skits&quot ; on the thing about wet myself laughing ) , and she 's not a lady whom 'd i 'd like to cross . but & quot ; i bought the ticket , so i 'm gonna take th ' ride . &quot ; and enjoy myself mightily while doing so. . 
dvd neg 549.txt travolta was great in saturday night fever , but this country version just did n't work . although he 's a good actor , he just was wrongly cast in this film 
books neg 410.txt i enjoy reading books of trivia and fun facts , but i did n't even make it through the first chapter before i put this book down in disgust . almost every entry had to do with sex or male endowments . as i was flipping through the book , i found x-rated pictures and drawings that i would hate to have to explain to my children if they were to pick up this book . i never would have bought this book if i had seen it in a bookstore , and i regret throwing it in the trash before i could see if i could get my money back 
music neg 365.txt bands from the 90s just sucked and nirvana fits in with that . they had a couple of ok songs and kurt cobain was some what talented but this is nothing to get excited about . i can not for the life of me see the things people see that just go off about how great they were . i do n't see it . this is another cd in a long line of cds from the 90s that are a disgrace to music . 
camera neg 688.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing . 
software neg 10.txt i installed a perfectly legal upgrade of photoshop cs2. it worked fine for a handful of months , and then it quit . technical support was of no help . i had to reformat my hard drive and essentially rebuild my entire machine . i am so frustrated about this . i probably spent 100 hours with the data backup , moving data , reformatting , and reinstalling . if i were a small business , i would be out of business . all because this piece of crap program , which i purchased legally , decided to quit . totally unacceptable 
music neg 282.txt i understand why the beatles are the top sellers in rock music as they suck . they only made about two decent songs in their " hey jude " a pretty song , and " ballad of john and yoko " . the sixties was a horrible decade of rock music . i would have to be said that only very few good songs came out in the sixties , which one of them is neil young 's " down by the river " . i have listened to the beatles for about a month and thought how lame and pathetic their music was . they were hugely one of the most overrated bands of all time . this one album is definately not the album to buy at all unless you are a sick moron who does not have a good taste in music . here you will get 25 of the worst songs ever recorded . if you want good music , i recommend go buy albums from foreigner , dire straits , green day , guns n ' roses , and metallica insted . do n't buy this album at most costs as you will waste money on 25 awful songs 
health neg 576.txt i bought this and it worked fine the first time that i used it . granted , it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom . however , i have tried it in my infant 's room 4 times this winter . i used hot water & salt to try to help it , but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam . maybe all of the " steam " energy is being used on the night light ! if you have your home 's thermostat set under 78 degrees , do not waste your money on this item ! find something stronger to get you through the winter months 
software pos 806.txt challenging and fun . graphics a fair compared to the mindless flashy video games . educational value is exellent , challenging and helps develop speed as well as accuracy . the challenge of having to think and get the right math answer in order to advance makes the games more challenging than the flashey graphic video games . if the animation was similar to the flashy video game adventures ( ie : jak 3 or ratchett and clank ) it might make it too hard because of all the distractions and tools obtained . it might be interesting if that level of graphics and animation was worked into the game . the younger kids may be better able to intergrate a multi-tooled , multi-level , multi-directional with more mapping and varied spatial orientation than older people . my eight year old was able to gain more speed quicker on the game than i was 
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd 
books neg 782.txt let me start by saying that normally i 'm a big popcorn fan . i read any article that she 's quoted in . i 've read " the popcorn report " at least twice and loved it . the same for " clicking . " great book . they 're part of my permanent library . so i was more than disappointed after the first few chapters of eveolution . i hung in there as long as i could , but the male bashing that pervades the early part of the book overwhelmed whatever golden nuggets were in its way . i just could n't tolerate reading any more . perhaps her comments about or against men are warranted in some people 's view , but i did n't see how they fit in with the intent of the book . the comments seemed gratuitous and unnecessary . so hopefully her next book will be better . 
software neg 651.txt the product was fine , but , i received an older version and as a result i could n't properly update it even after registering it . as a result , i purchased the newest version available directly from lavasoft and it works fine and i have had no trouble updating it . why did n't you specify what version it was on your website ; then i could have made an informed decision ? 
music pos 897.txt anais is one of the best cingers . i have seen her since objetivo fama , and she is just great . do n't listen to people who say this cd is bad because the are just hating . this cd is just great 
music neg 58.txt great cd . imus in the morning recommended highly and the i-man was not wrong . one of the best cd 's i 've owned in years . i listen to a lot of buffett , james taylor , delbert mcclinton , and this cd places high in these ranks 
dvd pos 214.txt all the great reviews written previously say it all - anne of green gables the movie is a timeless classic of the classic novel . i 've been watching this movie since i 've been a child , and i still watch it as an adult . a movie like this does n't need " special features " for it to be attractive as a dvd ( although the commentary is great ! ) . just the fact that no matter how long i keep this and how often i watch this movie , it wo n't change like vhs does . 
health neg 61.txt lcd fell off when arrived because the two-side sticker was n't stong enough . anyhow , i could push it back . then , the scale could n't be turned on by tapping on the top . this is the only way you can make this scale work as discribed on manual . i have to remove and insert battery to turn it on everytime ! i think some force sensor attached to the frame is broken . this is the problem i ca n't fix . the only thing i can do is sending it back . following up : according to the other review , i tried to make this scale " vibrating " using different ways of tapping . it did n't work no matter how hard i tried . i had to use my toe to lift up one side a little ( about half an inch ) and drop it on hard floor to make enough " vibration " to turn it on . i wonder how long this scale can function well by such a way to switch on . my soehnle scale always turns on by a soft tapping . i have to admit the reading of this scale is very clear and accurate . just feel a little nervous standing on two pieces of glass . and also , be careful to use it in bathroom : moisture will make the glass surface slippery . 
software pos 451.txt i really enjoy using this program , much better than what was out there 5 - 10 years ago when i last worked on genealogy . i love the ancestry.com feature , it is wonderful to go find your grandparents , great-grandparents and even great-great grandparents in the us census . i have found out a few things that i did n't know , unfortunately my mother recently passed away , and i have no one to verify some of it with . i would suggest that anyone contemplating this program gets it now , and starts working while you still have elders who can help you sort through the information you find . i also found a family tree out there from someone who only lives a few blocks from where we used to live . she has traced her family back to the 1500 's in germany...and it appears that they are related to us . it was strange to go to her website and find a picture of my great grandparents headstone . it was just another branch of the family . buy it 
books pos 535.txt this is a cute tale of of young girl fantasizing about an adventurous and unfettered life , not a bitter anti marriage tirade . her suiters are symbols of adult responsibility , which she will ultimately grow into . in the meantime , she is having a good time . the story is funny , the illustrations lively and colorful 
music pos 250.txt ...else if michigan was on vinyl i would have worn it out by now . illinois was my first venture into the sound-world of sufjan stevens , and no doubt it his most impressive outing to date . however the subtle spendour of the earlier michigan has ousted it as my favourite . perhaps less eclectic and entertaining than illinois , but more soulful and beautiful . ultimately it 's the one i 'd take to the proverbial desert island . there 's not a single track in this 74 minute cd that i 'd want to skip or drop from my mp3 playlist , but highlights for me are romulus ( gentle and heartbreaking ) , sleeping bear ( musically gorgeous ) , and vito 's ordination song ( like being gently hugged ) . p.s. so often the ' bonus tracks ' on a cd can seem superfluous and substandard but the 2 extras on my cd ( marching band and pickerel lake ) are both excellent . 
music pos 918.txt dream is a great album where keller coloboarates with many of his favorite musicians including bob wier , bella fleck , victor wooten and string cheese incident . all the songs are unique and great to sing too while driving or anytime ! 
dvd neg 631.txt the quiller memorandum takes place back during the cold war . it represented a time and place in history that was true at that time . it accurately depicts an era that is now gone , that some of us lived through . the movie , by today 's standards , is a little disjointed and incomplete.it jumps to a conclusion but lacks story development how it got there . some scenes must have been edited on the cutting room floor back in the 60 's or 70 's in order to get a g or gp rating . as a result of those incomplete or cut scenes , part of the movie makes no sense . the movie would have been better served if it were produced closer to the author 's original book . the most memorable part of the movie is the haunting score , including matt monroe 's " wednesday 's child " . i was disappointed in viewing this movie again some 20 or 30 years later . perhaps wolfe was right when he said that we can never go home again . quiller must have gotten lost on his way home ! 
dvd neg 13.txt " con express " has lots of action in it , which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters . unfortunately , the action is n't enough , and in between stunt pieces and shoot-outs , the audience is tempted to doze off . city heat productions is n't really known for producing films of the highest quality , so usually i go easy on them . if this were a big-budget company producing this , i 'd be inclined to pan it entirely . but i was n't expecting much and got a little more than i bargained for . the action is , for the most part , pretty good but nothing competitive with your usual dumb action movie . flanery and vosloo are perfectly casted , but everyone else seems to stiff to add any more flow to the movie . vosloo especially appears to be enjoying himself as an over-the-top bad guy hijacking a train containing deadly chemicals . the film moves fast and contains shades of better movies like under siege 2 , con air , spy game , and speed . if you liked those , you probably wo n't mind this one too much . just go easy on it 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
books pos 532.txt i was very impressed to find this very nice book . i 've heard about a quebecois who painted for the popular singer celine dion ( i 'm from quebec , canada myself ) , i wanted to see and i 'm very proud of it . huge ceilings and wonderful murals ! wow . felicitations 
camera neg 551.txt i would spend a little more money and buy a better quality camera . the picture quality was not good at all . i previously owned another kodak camera with the same megapixels and the picture quality on that camera was much better . just after a year of using the kodak c300 camera , it stopped working and i did not use it that much . i now own the sony cybershot dsc-w50 that takes great pictures , i have n't had any problems with it and i have been using it on an almost daily basis since may 2006 
dvd pos 197.txt the aids situation is far greater than we are told / the corruption in africa is horrific / the situation is beyond any horror film 's scare anytime / this film of lecarre 's novel bears great importance to our future , our destiny . one of the most important films ever made ! actors like ralph fiennes & rachel weitz need more commendation for it and director fernando merelles is a genius . agripping thriller for the serious moviegover.bravo 50 stars 
camera neg 978.txt i feel that it is just way too much money for what you get . i own a lot of professional ( canon ) equipment and gladly paid the price because they are the best things out there . but it makes little sense to market a marginal product and still expect to command a high price . i have the s80. no complaint there . the leather case was just way too tight , which invites a fumble as you try to pull out the camera . the flap issue is an issue . the neck chain is a bit short , and similar and better items can be had for a lower price . if you shop around you can also find the li battery for less . i 'm not upset , but just disappointed with what i got for the price 
dvd pos 873.txt this was the first dvd i purchased after i bought my dvd player ( i know , it took me a while to get one ) . i had never seen the movie before , but amazon[.com] reccomended it so i took the chance . it had the perfect amount of predictability and comedie and romance . it 's the same story line that gets used a million times and never grows old . boy and girl are best friends . girl likes boy , but boy likes a different girl . boy asks for help from girl to get the other girl . boy realizes he 's in love with friend girl just in time to stop her from leaving 
camera pos 960.txt i bought this camera more than half a year ago . my intention was to get a decent camera for images , but then also be able to use it for filming short movies . i 'm very pleased with its performance . in good lighting conditions , colors come out to be amazing . i really really did not expect them to be so vivid and sparkling ! in darker conditions , well , it still works fine , not nearly as bad as i expected from some other reviews . photos might be grainy or not as vivid anymore , but the stuff is still perfectly suitable to show the photos to people . as about filming , it 's terrific . i mean , resolution is great ( sth like 848 by 640 or so ) , better than what one could possibly expect from a regular camera . and the quality is super awesome , looks very neat on computer screen . respect . it has to be pointed out that you cannot zoom while filming , but not many cameras out there can do that . oh , it 's also very small with a gigantic screen and great battery life . a great buy 
books neg 715.txt i can tell you first hand how amazon makes easy money . i am a formal seller here at amazon . not a big seller , but an honest one with a 5 star rating and zero claims.however amazon allows dishonest buyer 's to do chargebacks months after a purchase and then has nothing in place to assist seller 's in getting their merchandise back . sounds like retail fraud to me ! ! i wish there was a lower rating to give to this website.they are truly at the bottom ! 
music pos 954.txt i bought this album when it was first released in the 70's . heaven and hell was hot item and passed through my senior school from ear to ear amongst ' those kids in the know ' in much the same way that a joint would these days . the movements build on a theme throughout the work and reflect the care that went into creating some classical overtures . only later in life could i get the similarities to carl orf and khachaturian . this is a real masterpiece and a snapshot in time of when prog really was prog . listen to it in full and then catalogue alongside camel 's ' the snow goose ' , the original ' tubular bells ' by mike oldfield , ' brain salad surgery ' by elp and finally ' snowflakes are dancing ' by tomita . please dont compare this work to the keybored pop , i chose my spelling , of the 1980 's if you enjoy vangelis , as i do , you might also want to listen to the compositions of ennio morricone , he is the man who wrote that great music that follows clint eastwood in the sergio leone spaghetti westerns . 
camera neg 603.txt dsc series camera all have a ccd imager defect that will leave screen blank after you use the camera for 2 or 3 years . ( do a google search . you will find out what happened . ) sony knew this problem years ago . but refuse to fix it . they will wait until the camera fail and then charge you $300 to fix it . that 's what happens to my dsc-f717. ever wondering why dell , hp etc all recall sony battery for laptop , but sony did not recall their own laptop battery ? sony will never fix their own problem . we the customer have to pay for their mistake . 
books neg 735.txt overall , i found this book disappointing . in its defense , its basic thesis of the movement of jewish american orthodoxy towards the ` right ' ( more closed and intensely religious ) is interesting , and i am sure accurate , and heilman 's analysis of its evolution is insightful and well-researched . however , i was extremely bothered by the lack of any attempt to portray hareidi society through the prism of its own value system , or in fact any attempt to understand their values at all . heilman accepts his own world view as absolute and obvious to the reader , and in this context denigrates a society with an entirely different set of goals and aspirations . examples of this include his assumption of the primacy of feminism and the worth of secular culture . hareidi society has its own worldview which , although too complex to elaborate on here , has valid and very real reasons for its hierarchy of values , reasons which heilman completely disparages or ignores . ( for an example of a book that is not written by a religious author , yet is able to appreciate hareidim from their own perspective try " real jews " by noah efron ) . in general , i found his view of religion as a mere sociological construct ( i.e. a defensive reaction to the holocaust ) to be grossly insensitive to the hareidi intense religious belief founded on thousands of years of tradition . the latter half of the book i found a pathetic attempt to draw conclusions from insignificant pieces of information . for example the juxtaposition of poster a condemning something to a poster advertising b implies that poster a is condemning b as well . or two posters ( put out by the same company ) advertising two different types of music indicates that the community is embattled over the appropriateness of one type of music . in conclusion , although i eagerly awaited this book and found a fraction of it interesting and intelligent , my overall impression is negative due to the authors biased approach and manipulative use of insignificant information . 
software neg 269.txt on the front of the box it says it can be used for professional photo editing and has 20 , 000 professionally designed projects , when i received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos cannot be used for products for re-sale , i purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now i find out it is totally worthless to me . i went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! i am going to turn them into the ftc for false advertisement 
books pos 686.txt my son loves to read , and he adores this book . i personally love trapani 's books- -while they are not always grammatically correct ( the only reason why i do n't give it a 5 star rating ) , they are beautifully illustrated and bring to life some of the most well-known nursery rhymes . it will bring a smile to your child 's face 
books pos 129.txt if it was n't hard , everyone would do it . hard 's what makes it great . " manager jimmy duggan ( tom hanks ) , of the rockrod peaches to his all-world catcher dottie hinson ( geena davis ) in penny marshall 's " a league of their own " ( 1992 ) . i always think of that quote when i read these " discussions " of the great ( and sometimes the not so great ) philosophers in the amazon reviews . on the one hand we have the " professional " philosophers / ph.d'swho appreciate the difficulty of their craft . on the other hand we have the " almost were 's " / undergraduates who cannot abide the effort it takes to decipher prose that seems unnecessarily dense . and that is how it should be , else everyone would do it , and those of us with ph.d . 's and tenure track jobs at good colleges and universities would be out of jobs and out of luck ! as for kant , let 's all be glad he 's not on the job market 
books neg 352.txt it 's a long read , the characters are boring , and the ending makes no sense at all . it is neither funny nor thrilling . it 's just plain dull 
software neg 532.txt the software was installed on three computers and slowed two down so much i had to remove it on 2 and have not put it back on it worked fine on one of the thre 
camera neg 41.txt the minute i took the monopod out of cover it broke . the mounting head fell apart from the leg . the glue they use is very bad . i did n't return the product because i think the replacement would be the same quality and it was not worth the affords . i just fixed it myself 
camera pos 202.txt i am thrilled with this lens 's capabilities and the pictures it does . i test shot a corner of a window to determine if it would be good for my insect shots that i like so well . well , it did great as it came but i found that i wanted to have the 1 / 1 capability so i bought the add-on converter and am thrilled to have added both of these necessary items for my set-up . i like nature photography the best and like to use my off summer days for hiking and finding photographs to take in perhaps well-known places but finding unique angles and subjects is what i like to specialize in . this lens will greatly enhance your experience in that ' little world ' we commonly trod over or weed-ate away . i built a diffuser using a ping-pong ball over the flash so the lighting would work better . ( works great , btw ) . as usual , it 's great canon glass that does the trick 
software pos 201.txt i was waiting for cs2 after using the cs . there are too many problems in cs . and i am very happy with cs2 now . the software is a lot easier to use , less problems . i have been using illustrator since illustrator 4. cs2 is definitly better than ever ! 
health pos 664.txt the foot massager is great . it 's open design allows it to be used on the legs as well as the feet unlike others that are boot like . the massager adjusts to your size legs and feet automatically for a snug fit . the massager is adjustable to almost any configuartion with tilt , raise / lower and etc. the only problem with this device is that it can become top heavy as a result of the adjustability of it . so keeping it upright can be a bit challenging . but for the price and quality this is a great relief on the feet and legs as well as wallet 
camera neg 349.txt i purchased this for my 10 yr old son . i was surprised at how , well , cheap it appeared . we took it out of the box and turned it on and it would not work at first , then it worked for about 10 minutes , then it never worked again and we had to return it . amazon was great during the return process and refunded our money quickly . we ended up buying the dgx 5.1 mp from a local store i it 's place . it has worked well for my son and is holding up to the rigors of youth . not a professional photography instrument , but a pretty decent unit for him 
software pos 96.txt ok , sorry , i 've been vectoring line art since 1990. my current machine is an amd athlon xp with the 333 fsb , 1 gig ram & 80 gig hd shared on network & a 40 gig hd for software , os is xppro , it 's 2 years old i think . i installed three cathode ray tubes , you know ; big boxy monitors , the largest of which is a 21 inch monster right in my face all day . i read the reviews here and started " quaking " in my boots ! oops i said to myself , and i looked up my previous day 's purchases for the new artist i just hired . sure enough ; i bought cs2 for the new machine . so i downloaded the 30 day trial for illustrator cs2 upyours , i mean upgrade . replacing my old illustrator 8.01 these kids i 've been interviewing made me think i should take a look outside my cave ! so i got it loaded up and sure enough ; it takes longer to load than my old corrupted rusty buddy ; illustrator 8.01 , about twice as long . ( so leave it running ) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i should have done this sooner , or should i have ? as soon as it was running illustrator cs2 auto updated itself . it wanted it 's adobe bridge fixed up . so i let it . this is just exactly what people have been complaining about . ******** the bridge is fixed ********* way super cool dude ! i keep the bridge open on the right monitor and i can drag art into illustrator cs2 at lightning speed . the whole time i get to see super big previews of all the artwork i need to work with . way better than xppro 's little thumbnails . live trace : realy nice , i think this is what these companies are using to sell vectored line art to printers like me . it is very accurate and seems to acomodate all those nasty giant pixels that up till now , took a human brain to see past while vectoring . ok , it 's not as good as a skilled craftsman such as ( full of ) myself , but for only about $160 or so , it 's like a gift from almighty god ! no crashes , no bugs , just pure inteligence from adobe once again . do n't you think of a little white mud hut in the dessert when you say adobe ? i really apreciate the object oriented work bar thing at the top , wait , let me go look at what it 's called , hmmmm , still do n't know , well it changes according to what kind of object you 've clicked on in your artwork . also this new wonder of technology solves an old problem of global color change needed for color separation work . that top task bar object oriented do-hickey is similar but better than the one in photoshop . transparent objects , looks like everything can be transparent , wow , do you know what that means ? ? ? i gotta go use it some more , it 's just way to cool . ok , i 'm back , even fonts can be transparent , .tiffs .jpgs , everything . this means way less jumping back and forth from photoshop to illustrator . but i do believe you have to be very capable with your hardware , operating system , and have at least a year ; full time with illustrator and photoshop to fully appreciate the thought and creative potential that adobe has opened up for us 
books neg 599.txt i was interested in dante 's thoughts on hell , religion , and the afterlife as taught by the catholic church at the time of its writing . what i got was a detailed political history of medieval italy . this book is great for the first few chapters , but then it becomes a repetitive saga . synopsis of the each chapter of the inferno : go to next layer of hell ; describe in 20 words or less the torture found there ; make fun of some political opponents , catholic church officials , and so forth ; prepare for further descent . in my opinion , this book resides somewhere between the 21st and 22nd layers of hell . canto three pretty much has it right... . ' leave all hope , ye that enter 
camera neg 69.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
health neg 104.txt pedometer part is fine . radio part is useless 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
music pos 968.txt though i own alot of paul desmond recordings , this one as been in the cd changer for weeks now . there 's great , gentle interplay with jim hall , and a total sound that is most enjoyable . warm and round notes make this perfect evening music which i have found pleases most everyone 
dvd pos 558.txt love this movie ! ca n't decide which version i like better - this one or the one with grace kelly and bing crosby ! both are great 
software neg 109.txt be advised , this software is for a single user , only licensed for one computer . i bought this for home use after using ss% for 2 years and v-com said it would no longer be supported of 03 / 06. i installed it on 2 home computers , it worked fine for 4 weeks , then it popped up a box on my second computer that i couls not use it because it was licensed on another computer , i needed to buy additional license for each computer . when i tried to use it on my main computer , it popped up the same message . so now it will not work on either computer . i uninstalled it and sent it back . just because it 's cheap does not mean it 's any good 
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
health pos 955.txt works great , no problems after 4 months 
dvd pos 494.txt i found i did enjoy this movie , even though the director took liberties . it does n't follow so much the novel by jane austen , but if you have n't read the book and are unable to do the comparisons , this movie is enjoyable . i gave 4 stars because of the liberties taken by the director , but did like what i saw 
dvd pos 306.txt i love the simpsons ! although the early seasons are classic , they seem to get better and more funny as they go on . this season includes the episode where milhouse 's parents get divorced which is hilarious , and the one where homer eats those hot chili peppers and freaks out ! definitely worth the purchase , there are a lot of extras too 
software neg 567.txt it 's definitely an awful piece of software . it 's totally unstable under winxp sp2 and ie7. follow other peoples advice and get quicken ' 06 
health neg 858.txt the pressure on the rain setting is so low you have to keep it on the concentrated spray to really wash the soap out . switching between the two causes a cold stream to come out for a second or two till it clears . also it is not sturdy - when the showerhead is moved to a higher position it does not stay and falls back down to the lower position . i will be returning mine 
books pos 809.txt i 'm in love with the impressionists in general and with auguste renoir in particular . his palette is full of light ; soft pink , greens and blues are a joy to watch time and again . as most impressionists renoir paint wonderful every day scenes , mainly outside as his magnificent : " the luncheon of the boating party " ( 1881 ) , " the swing " ( 1876 ) and " le moulin de la galette " ( 1876 ) , whose careful reproductions are shown here . he was an artist that loved life and wanted to reflect it as he perceived : full of little moments of simple joy and relax . he was also a masterful portrayer as you may see from his " on the terrace " ( 1881 ) in the cover of this book or " two girls in black " ( 1881 ) . another subject that attracted his fancy was the dancing couple , which he depicts with tenderness and accuracy . it does n't matter if the dancers are from the high class as in " city dance " or commoners as in " dance at bougival " both from 1883. at the end of his life his paintings evolve and produce for our delight : " seated bather " ( 1914 ) and " the nymphs " ( 1918 ) . his life and works are described and commented by the author with keen penetration and endearment . reproductions are awesome and do justice to the artist . do not miss this book ! reviewed by max yofre . 
dvd neg 310.txt this is the first movie i have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played . " eight women " is the story of , well , eight women , who are trapped by a snowstorm - - all 5 inches of it . the man of the house has been murdered in the night . young and old , black and white , of different classes , the women must try to determine who the killer is . " eight women " is also a movie about secrets , of which everyone seems to have several . the plot has more twists and turns than an alpine road on the tour de france . yet the first 2 / 3 of the film is tolerable , funny and even a bit interesting . the characters are self-interested and fun . there 's dotty old grandma , a prissy , hysterical virgin aunt , the dead man 's vampish sister and coltish young maid , two daughters , a somber yet elegant wife ( catherine deneuve ) and a black cook . plenty of class and age tension to make three movies . did i mention the music ? every twenty minutes or so , one of the characters breaks into song . these are always those stereotypical french songs - - full of longing and sadness and references to sleep and springtime - - that are tedious to american ears . and bizarre . while one character sings , the rest do slow little dances . strange . by the 2 / 3 mark , i was going to give this quirky film 4 stars . but soon , the plot line spun out of control , getting more and more manic until it finally derailed completely with a tragic ending . definitely not recommended unless you are desperate need of a bizarre experience . 
software neg 795.txt i am really thinking of returning it to amazon . i think i will stick with good - 'ol ms word . you see i wanted a 12-page form and spent two days creating it . it 's a form to survey boats so it also had graphic areas for photos ( about 12 ) . well , all seemed fine until you printed a filled form to .pdf . the size of the created .pdf was near 10mb ! ( similary done with ms word resulted in a 1.2mb finished .pdf ) . well , i ca n't be e-mailing 10mb files ! i also recieved the book for the 5.0 filler which says it can use dragon naturally speaking ( i use that ) . i 'll be darned if i can figure out where that tool is , " you must activate voice recognition in the tool bar . " and , if you use dragon naturally speaking in the form filler area all sentences start out without capital letters , say and select does not work . ( i should note that dragon naturally speaking works flawlessly in ms word ! ) so , you manually have to go back and capitalize each sentence . finally , as others have said , there is no faq and generally no troubleshooting help on the scansoft web site . this is very poor for a near $100 product . there would be no way that i would spend $700 on their premium edition . 
software pos 644.txt how can doing taxes get any easier ? this is my fifth year using turbo tax and i think each year gets easier and faster . i love the way my information from the previous year is brought forward and the ability to e-file is just a click away . i ca n't imagine using any other program 
health neg 887.txt i lovelovelove dark chocolate , ( and other strong , pungent things like goat cheese and dark beer ) but these taste just plain wierd . it 's not terrible , but i can taste the hoodia , sorta like dried grass mixed in with the chocolate . i think they work at reducing hunger , but they give me gas so bad i ca n't be sure if i want to eat less because of the hoodia , or the gas . maybe i 'll try the *regular* chocoleans , but i wo n't be buying this again . fyi : i absolutely love the phytobase powdered chocolate hoodia shake mix . i have no problems with that . tastes great , works great . and no gas ! 
health pos 897.txt i love this soap , it 's a little big and hard to hold during shower , but the smell totally makes up for it ! it has a very strong ( but good ) grapefruit smell , it 's very fresh and rinses completely off 
health pos 542.txt i bought this to try it out based on a friend 's recommendation . previously i 'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog 's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach . now i only need one towel and it dries like you 'd never believe . i have a 65 pound dog that loves the water . i make him shake the water off himself ( a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big ) then i towel him dry in less than a minute . i now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone i know with a dog that gets wet . we live in seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water , but we have rainy winters . having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well . i ca n't speak enough praise about this towel . though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting , believe me when i tell you this is worth it . you 'll end up buying two 
software neg 149.txt junk ! i am a professional photographer and have used 2.0 for years for quick fixes and easy additions , thinking they might have made some improvements to make life easier.. . i was wrong . this program is a step back . i was a refund ! i do n't know who is writing they like this new version , but buyer beware ! laur 
software neg 581.txt i foolishly purchased 7.0. it worked ok for a few months then just kept hanging up my system . funny , it started hanging up when 7.5 was released . i tried to get " customer support " but that 's a joke . do yourself a favor , do not buy anything from roxio . i 'd given this software negative stars if i could . spend your money elsewhere . 
dvd pos 133.txt the perpetrators of a high-level corporate scandal ( masayuki mori , takashi shimura , ko nishimura ) are pursued by the illegitamate son ( toshiro mifune ) of a low-level functionary that they drove to suicide to protect their schemes . this film begins as a deeply satisfying revenge epic , but the masterful director akira kurosawa is not content to let it rest there . he draws out all the moral complexities of the situation , then hits us with an unexpected development at the end that gives an ironic twist to his title . the bad may not always go to prison for their crimes , but do they really " sleep well ? 
dvd neg 352.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$ 
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u 
dvd neg 952.txt once again , koch , for reasons that i cannot possibly fathom , assumed that people would enjoy this movie more if the brilliant story and dialog were n't being constantly interrupted by those annoying sex scenes . i know i 'm feeling large amounts of gratitude . it 's gratitude when you want to disembowel someone , right ? at least the copy i bought was used , so koch did n't make a dime off of me . anyway , this is another koch release that you should definitely avoid 
health neg 898.txt absolute waste of money . i bought this for my 13-year-old as a beginner shaver and it shaves next to nothing ! i do n't know who wrote the other reviews , but i doubt they were independent voices . this shaver is worthless 
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre ' 
camera neg 201.txt very disappointed by canon on the fit of this adapter . adapater and shade attachments block camer lens view and create flash shadows 
dvd pos 449.txt out of the seasons i have seen 1-5 this is my absolute favorite because sophia is my favorite character ans she just shines in this one . she has some classic moments like when she goes to a friends funeral makes up with her friends husbad then comes home to get " lucky " and then married . she leaads a secret life by doing volenteer work at a hospital and many many more great things . the rest of the girls are great also ( as usual ) this is definatley the girls at their bes 
health neg 15.txt in the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them . i wish i had known this before . now i have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it . do not buy for body fat measurement 
health pos 544.txt the best price around for this type massager . price was my main reason for the purchase . mine does heat up , but the massager does have to be running for a few minutes before you notice it . the programmable feature is nice as well as the many variable speeds . i would highly recommend it . 
music pos 302.txt in the early 60 's etta james was to r&amp ; b what patsy cline was to country . she could cross over and yet remain true to her roots , and that 's only one part of a nearly 50 year career ! from the velvety cross over soul of & quot ; at last&quot ; to the hard driving memphis soul of & quot ; tell mama&quot ; , this is one legend who certainly deserves a wider audience than she has today . she ranks right up with aretha franklin as an influential vocalist . i took far too many years to discover her power . if you have n't given her a serious look yet , stop wasting time and begin here 
music neg 895.txt jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time 
music pos 146.txt this guy is a freak of nature ! different but in the same vein as illinoise . i loved it..no fillers to speak of . if you liked some of the more laid back songs on illinoise ! , you 'll love this album . its great regardless . highlights are : avalanche adlai stevenson saul bellow the mistress witch from mcclure springfiel , or bobby got a shadfly caught in his hair no man 's land the perpetual self , or " what would saul alinsky do ? s 
dvd pos 123.txt the brood is the lightning in the bottle that director david cronenberg has never been able to duplicate . while all of his films definitely have his fingerprints all over them , the brood managed to rise to the top of all of his films . it is absolutely dripping in a sense of dispair and dread . there is a pervading coldness about it - such that you want to wrap up in something warm as you watch it - you want to watch it with the lights on because you 're very much afraid of what might be there if you turn off the lights . the film is a psychological thriller wrapped in a slasher flick . it warrants slasher status simply because of the sheer number of onscreen murders that take place . this is a very bloody film ! samantha eggar is nuts and in a weird clinic for people like her . she is being treated by a creepy oliver reed ( in one of his better performances ) . art hindle is her ex husband and he 's worried about how she is treating their young daughter . after a while that is the least of his worries , as these horribly disfigured and ( what the hell are they ? ) bizarre little children run around killing all the people that have really ticked off samantha eggar . i wo n't say more , because part of the horror in a cronenberg film is the pseudo-science that he get you to believe in . whereas cronenberg 's videodrome was weird , but not terribly good , the brood is one of the creepiest films i 've ever seen and a guilty pleasure ( can i really call it that ? ) that i choose to subject myself to every so often . really ! what are those things ? 
music pos 816.txt with all the ' neuvo flamenco ' and its accompaning popularity . it is nice ( and a relief ) i might add , to hear the flamenco guitar in its purist form . not only does this cd contain sabicas and nino ricardo . it also contains four very rare perfomances by manolo de huelva . which are difficult to find anywhere . also included are melchor de marchena performing six pieces . this is truly pure flamenco at its best 
music neg 202.txt i cant believe there are so many positive ratings given to this sub-par testament release . testament must have taken hints from metallica and tried to attract a different audience . this is not a horrible album , but compared to any other testament album , it is easily their worst . only the die-hard testament fan , or those into commercial metal should pick this up . 
books neg 572.txt i was very disappointed in the content . there were not enough color plates and transparency in the color was lacking . many of the instructions were used with black and white sketches and plates . many of kautskys subjects and scenes appeared to me to be " pre watercolor career " pencil sketches which i recognized . dark somber and sparse in my opinion 
software pos 322.txt compared to frontpage and its infamous " bots " , expressions web is a refreshing piece of software from microsoft that out-dreamweavers dreamweaver . as a long time dreamweaver user , the ability to easily stay in design mode in expressions web while building your user interface without the incredible futz-factor that dreamweaver imposes is its greatest strength . this is a very impressive , stable product that i plan to use a great deal in my non- .net web development work . it makes building and maintaining pure html web sites and newsletters much easier and more intuitive than ever 
dvd pos 174.txt argento is an incarnation of everything that film is and everything that it could have been as conceived by lumiere . after hitchcock and ray , leone and fuller , argento is the last true auteur to make genre films . visually , a film like profondo rosso calls upon the ghosts of the cinema because everything that is filmed , objects and people alike , take on the same importance and that this inevitably leads to the resolution of the mystery which is at the center of the film . argento can only film something as itself and this is why he is an extraordinary filmmaker . cinema is not an answer but a question and argento is the answer to eisenstein 's theory of film as violence , violence not only in the images themselves but in the great void that awaits them . a murder , a painting , a mother , a son , a mirror , all of these things will lead to a beautiful composition of images in which the mystery of seeing , the mystery of cinema , the questions , are resolved . 
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time 
books neg 340.txt grisham 's worst book by far . 90% of the story is preaching to the reader that homeless people just have bad luck and are good guys . it would be ok if that was woven into a good story , but it is not . for great grisham read the firm and the partner . for very good , read runaway jury and pelican brief . all of these are page turners . street lawyer is a stomache turner . really bad . what happened 
music pos 437.txt i must agree with the comments made by other reviewers . this album is great . nancy wilson 's voice on this album is unlike anything i have ever heard . you ca n't honestly say you 're a fan of jazz if you do n't own this 
dvd neg 509.txt ' clownhouse ' is mainly associated with a sex scandal involving the director and the youngest boy actor . while hearing of salva 's conviction when ' jeepers creepers ' came out , i never knew it had anything to do with this movie , nor had i ever heard of this in the first place . i actually stumbled upon this looking to see if there was a horror movie involving clowns besides ' it ' , and came across this weird little ' halloween' -like suspense tale . while the sex scandal never once popped into my head ( except when there was a pointless and gratuitous butt shot of the kid ) , i still did n't care for this too much , despite its pluses . like ' halloween ' , this film relies on suspense rather than gore to creep people out , but sadly , it did n't really get to me . if i was about 9 or so , this would 've scared the hell out of me . i 'm not saying i hated this ; it was all right and had some geniune chills and some fantastic images , but because you see who the clowns are before they find the house and start terrorizing the children , it lost some effect for me . i would have liked it better if i had no idea what was going on , and it would 've been a creepier experience . horror movie fans should like this , even though i personally thought it would be better . the atmosphere is very , very creepy , and the clowns are actually pretty terrifying in their own way , but it just did n't do it for me . rent it first 
music neg 621.txt this is junk not music.neon moon is the worst song ever ! it is so boring and dull.and a cool drink of water is a horribly written and sung song ! this music bores me ! leave it alone and stick to rap , rock , or metal.country sucks 
dvd neg 666.txt colorado 's san juan mountains from durango to silverton to ouray is my favorite place to vacation in the usa . so when i saw the preview of durango kids on another dvd , i decided to rent it on netflix . it is one of those movies where villains are cartoonish , and the kids , while cute , outsmart all the stupid adults . the first 30 minutes showed some nice locations in and around durango , including the steam train ( that 's why i purchased a used copy ) but then it goes into time travel to save ouray from becoming a ghost town and the movie becomes a stupid bore , intended for young and undemanding children . do n't bother unless you love durango as much as i do 
dvd pos 537.txt as if this set could be anything but five stars ! ! ! barbra streisand - four of her films on their dvd debut - her own commentary - oy vey ! order it now and plan a vacation day for the day after you get delivery 
health neg 970.txt this hair dryer was purchased as a christmas gift to replace one we have had for several years . i could not locate one locally so i order from amazon . the dryer only worked for a few days . nothing i do will make it work again . the reason i have not retured it is because the postage cost would be so much . 
camera neg 34.txt im not from usa . my brother bought me the camara in a trip three months ago and it is not working ! ! it has serious conection problems in the body that i cant fix in my country . i lost 1000 us 
books neg 122.txt when i found out francis collins has written a book about his faith , i ordered it the same day . after all , we seemed to be following the same path . i earned a phd in molecular biology in 1981 and had several ` firsts ' in the area of gene cloning . then i found christ as a 40-year-old . my transition was from a semi-serious jew to a materialist to a serious christian . hearing about dr. collins ' spiritual walk had me intrigued . his book should be entitled " a politician presents evidence for belief " . it is a completely uncritical view of the last twenty years of biological research . the human genome project is elevated to status of " bridge to a momentous new era " . hogwash . hype is the term i would use . the dept. of energy was duped into footing the bill because the national institutes of health saw it as a waste of resources . the author could n't make a better case for the payoff than to show humans have more ` junk dna ' than previously thought . dr. collins then explained darwinian gradualism as if it were dogma . this oversimplification is typical of those who never studied biology except at a medical school . this is not entirely his fault , however , since many scientific journals will not publish research where evolution is n't perfectly gradual and perfectly random . their motivation should be perfectly obvious , but it 's not even on dr. collins ' radar . he also uses mendel 's peas as a pivotal point in our understanding of genetics , assuming the reader would be ignorant that mendel 's data was ` dry-labbed' . usually an author who writes on this subject is strong in either biology or theology . dr. collins relies on two sources for his treatise on theology : st. augustine and c.s. lewis . i happen to agree with him that the creation story and the books of job and song of solomon have a " lyrical and allegorical flavor " . i would include the book of jonah in that category as well . however , there is an entire literature on the subject that is completely overlooked . the only time dr. collins makes a strong case for anything , it is to refute edward o wilson , richard dawkins , and their minions . even then , he uses a quote from the late stephen jay gould for his most scathing criticism . francis collins is the consummate politician- -he takes a stand without offending anyone . dr. collins knows that jesus was not a politician , and he did not worry about offending the intellectual elites of his time . take this quote from mat 23:14 " woe unto you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for ye devour widows ' houses , and for a pretence make long prayer : therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation . " dr. collins ' book claims to be a middle ground for theists and scientists . in my opinion it is a piece of fluff and a narcissistic retelling of the human genome project myth . 
camera neg 732.txt in theory , this camera is perfect . fits into your pocket . video quality is definately good considering it records in the compressed format of mpeg-4. pictures are good if you know how to finesse it . perfect all around anytime camrea , right ? here 's the thing . i got the camera mainly for video . i just had a daughter and wanted something for those candid moments that i could always have on me . also , i did not want minidv because uploading to the computer is real time . i wanted the sd card as film , even if it would sacrfice some video quality . but the thing that ruins this camera for me is the mic picks up the lens motor / auotfocus nosie . on the playback i cearly hear the zooming in and zooming out and every time the lens focuses . it sounds like someone smoking a hooka . and get this , it even says so in the instruction manual , page 35 , " caution during video clip playback , the sound of a motor is audible....during recording , the sound of the optical zoom movement or autofocus movement was recorded . this is not a malfunction . " awful . by the way , the take a picture while recording video function is worthless . it leaves a pause on your video image while the sound keeps recording , and the still image captured is usually blury . whats the point anyway , i think the camera has a built in function to extract a still from the video . or you can do it with whatever editing software you use . oh , and one last thing . i have to keep the still camera in sports mode to get a clean pic . my hand shakes too much . there is a digital stabalization for the video , but no optical stabilization for the stills . its a big shame , too . the camera is very cool . if not for the audible motor noise , i would have given this at least an 8 / 10. but the lens motor noise is unacceptable ! ps . all cameras today should have a built in lens cover . this is one has a cheap plastic one , that you 'll probably lose 
books neg 531.txt i am proud of the fact that i hold two degrees like many women . do i work ? no . i have chosen a different path . i have no children , married later in life , and gave up a wonderful job of two decades to care for my ill husband . do i feel that i have no confidence nor respect ? no . and from whom or what is this respect supposed to come from ? caring for your family has nothing to do with any of this . i admire women who stay home to care for their families . when you have love , who gives a hoot what anyone else thinks . personally , i find this book a little depressing , and i wo n't read it 
camera neg 993.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
software pos 934.txt it was a relief for me to be able to keep and upgrade word and excel , and to get virtual pc ( for access ) as well . i used them a lot on my pc a few years ago , and when i first switched to mac , could n't find software that did what they did . i had no trouble installing the upgrade on my imac g5 , nor did i have trouble installing virtual pc . the only thing that was disappointing was that i could n't find out whether accessing the internet from virtual pc would open me up to pc-type viruses , or if mac 's unix system would protect me there , too . i continue to be disappointed that the mac version of this software is not as rich as the pc version . but the upgrade itself worked well for what it was meant to do 
music neg 144.txt can we say , " money making ploy ? " wow . i , like many others , have grown up with disney . perhaps i simply do not understand why kids of any age would listen to this garbage as opposed to the actual movie songs ? this is not like " kidz bop " or anything related to that which " kidifies " music - these are timeless movie classics that did not need to be redone - and as a further insult , they are poorly redone . i am very , very let down by these " disneymania " albums . :o ( 
dvd pos 746.txt i first saw this movie when i was a kid . it left a good impression . i am now nearly 50 and a cat came to live with me . my first female cat . i named it mewsette in honor of judy garland 's character in the movie . i then searched for the movie on the internet , found it , bought it . while it 's not as good as it was when i was a kid , it is still amusing 
software neg 433.txt everything the negative reviewers say is true and more . please note the following as well : 1. if you are a college student taking a class online that uses blackboard software , vista will prevent you from posting to the class discussion board and answering any fill-in-the-blank or discussion questions on tests ! to fix this download the foxfire browser ( free ) and use it to access your course . because vista uses so much memory and is already so huge , they had to drop quite a few little programs that software needs to access in the operating system . 2. huge memory and hard drive drain . look at this comparison windows xp professional size on drive 1.5 gig memory requirements 128 mb windows vista needs 15 gig to load . does not say how large the program is but i would n't think its small ! ! ! memory requirements 1 gig ! if you check the dell website you will see that they recommend that you have 2 gig of memory to use windows vista . that is a few $$$ worth of memory just to run the operating system while openning a program . try running a game or doing animation with that kind of a sink hole in your system ! the less memory you have available , the slower everything , including websites will load ( no matter how fast your internet connection ) what is worse is that to fix what is wrong with it ( ie replace all those small programs your software expects to find in the operating system ) , they will have to add patches that can only make it bigger and hungrier for memory ! this is the most pathetic excuse for an upgrade that i have ever seen . i would expect some lawsuits before this is over ! do not buy this product 
music pos 125.txt i saw these guys live in the twin cities last week . they opened for keane and the zutons . these guys were definitely the best part of the show . they had great energy and actually looked like they were having fun . to top it off , they sounded great and their songs were well written . give these guys a shot , unless you hate rock ' n ' roll ! ! 
health pos 389.txt i pumped exclusively with my first child and had no need for disposable pads b / c washable ones were sufficient . with my second child , i did both and i found these to be the best b / c washable ones are not enough . they are large so wo n't shift when you roll in bed . they are very absorbent though i have woken up a couple times trenched . they are very thin and discreet . other pads are not as big so not enough overage . i never bother with the adhesives b / c they do n't work . they are a must for nursing moms and pumping moms in the first few month when you have lots of milk . i just wished they were softer and less paper like 
health pos 551.txt i have to write a review for the below review ( the one i have in quotes ) . the below reviewer states this is 170 watts and you need 1875 watts . i nearly fell off my seat ! not only by the review but by how many people recommended it ! first , 100 watts is average for a hair straighter . 170 watts is excellent ! 1875 would melt your hair ! i did not think it was fair that this person rated the item without having knowledge on wattage . " this straightener only has 170 watts of heating power . that is not a very good number ! if you want salon-straight hair you need a ceramic straightener with 1875 watts.. . especially if you have thick or very frizzy hair ! 
books neg 354.txt this is a great book for someone who is getting a new cat or has a cat but does n't understand him / her . i was expecting some new information about a " secret language " . there was no mention of the latest research in feline behavior and the author describes training a cat like training a dog ; so what 's the " secret " ? i agreed with almost everything in the book except the comment about cat owners who leave on a trip . the author says that cats do not get lonely . well , that 's wrong . he also says that a cat will go to the home where the best food is served . how does one explain cats who live with homeless street people ? the title was deceiving 
dvd pos 98.txt this movie is funny and by being so bold in so many ways is refreshing . it presents realistic characters without worrying about offending people by presenting sterotypes . it takes the time to develope the story effectively without boring the audience . it is a long movie but it moves at a great and effective pace . it is full of laughs . joe pesci is one of the best comic actors of all time . i do n't think that anyone else could have pulled of the part of vinny nearly as well . marisa was great as well and it was hard to find a performance that was less than great . the writing and directing , two things that often get overlooked , was wonderful . the only weakness ? the case is a little fantastic . it is hard to believe the coincidences in the movie that lead to the boys being accused of the crime . of course movie plots do n't have to make perfect sense but this stretches it . though i usually do n't like excessive foul language , this movie uses it in a funny way . i guess it would n't work without it.. . but do n't be mistaken....it has a lot of bad language . do n't let kids under 17 watch it without supervision 
software pos 578.txt i have used corel draw since it was draw 5 or 6 , i ca n't exactly recall for certain so i guess some would consider me a software guru . i have also used other top level design tools and can tell you the fact is the corel draw suite x3 is a robust design suite that has a very palatable learning curve . the scope of what you can do with the software is amazing so certainly there is a new set of words to add to one 's vocabulary however with terms like pick tool , rectangle tool , ellipse tool , and the like , i believe that it is pretty logical to get an idea of what the tools do just by allowing the mouse pointer to rest over the tool for about three seconds so the application can display the tool name and even the shortcut key to select the tool . the icons also give a pretty clear visual representation of what the tool will do e.g. a capital a is the text tool and guess what you do with it ... it allows you to add paragraph text , and artistic text . after you learn a bit about the text tool you also see that it allows you to place text in your document on a path . the text on a path is just that.. . text on any path in your document . this can be a freehand line , an ellipse , a circle , or any other shape you care to make . how many of you have ever wanted to put your text in an arch ? in corel draw you simply make an ellipse with the ellipse tool , choose the text tool from the tool box , move the mouse pointer over to the ellipse and the mouse cursor changes to the text on a path icon and you click the left mouse button . now you type whatever you want around the shape that you have created . if the text is not the size , color , font , or position you want you can change it , color it , or move it simply by selecting the pick tool . i have developed a program to teach technology skills to middle & high school students with various disabilities in 46 sites throughout oklahoma and the corel draw suite is the first software application the students use . do the students know how to do everything with the software after the first week , or fourth , or tenth ? no , but if it took a week to learn it would not be a design tool in would be something like print shop pro where almost everything is done for you and you just type in the text . there is nothing wrong with psp but if you want to truly be creative , if you want to have the ability to design anything that you can see in your minds eye , then the corel draw suite is the tool you want . my program has a website that shows some of the work the students in the program have created . just do a search for tech-now oklahoma high school high tech and you should be able to find the site . the section on weekly curriculum is a pretty good place to start but i encourage you to look around . almost everything you will see on the site was created by the students using the corel draw suite . corel draw is a program that can be used in a matter of minutes but is as deep as you can possibly want to go . 
dvd pos 824.txt great to own such a john candy / dan akroid classic . not recommended for children . quite a lot of profanity 
dvd pos 776.txt this is a hilariously written and acted film about two young people who get carried away with the beauty of an old house only to find that it is seriously flawed . tom hanks and shelly long are fantastic and people who love old houses will really identify with this 
music neg 49.txt neither the amazon review or any of the customer reviews recently submitted mention this fact . i have few classical and pop recordings in mono that do not impact the listening experience such as ' songs for swinging lovers ' - frank sinatra or beethoven 's opera fidelio - conductor otto klemperer ( testament label ) . the material on these recordings are so good that the listener completely ignores the fact that they are mono recordings . i did not hear anything outstanding on this cd to make me overlook the ' mono ' factor . is this some great jazz masterpiece , recorded live in carnegie hall by two giants of jazz ? i personally do n't think so . somehow this material remained in obscurity for all this time and somebody by accident discovered this gem - if you believe that then elvis is alive and the earth is exactly 6000 years old . with small jazz bands , i like to listen to the musicians communicate with each other within the context of a thesis . examples : ' sunday at the village vanguard - bill evans trio ' or ' new york reunion - mccoy tyner quartet' . i wanted to but could not hear anything of this sort in this recording . this material is more likely to be understood only by the performers themselves and the real jazz aficionados . it may have been hasty but after one listen i decided to sell this cd and i have no regrets other than buying it in the first place . 
software neg 27.txt by reading the cover i thought it would be a great product to have . it indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without . games - bowling game is actually a teaser version . you can play only two lanes . others cost you extra . two other games are not exciting . themes and screen savers are mediocre . i liked the analog convertor but not too much . if you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . alas it does n't convert to mp3 format . also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed . dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . i liked ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing . bottom line - i do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week . 
books neg 882.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen 
music pos 149.txt anyone who had access to a radio in the 80 's would know at least two songs by missing persons . their fun music and amazing flare ( dale did have pink and white stiped hair and it looked great ! ) make this a good party album . i also have their album color in your life and most of the songs are great . just as an added note , warren cuccarullo is now a member of duran duran ( my personal favorite band ) and has been since he appeared on their notorious album which was released in 1986 ! ! 
music neg 457.txt of the dozen tracks featured here , chances are the typical listener will only recognize four : & quot ; signs , & quot ; & quot ; sweet city woman , & quot ; & quot ; one fine morning&quot ; and & quot ; gimme dat ding&quot ; - and the last-named is out of sequence , having come out more than a year before the others . the star of this show is lighthouse 's & quot ; one fine morning , & quot ; and rhino must be praised for offering up the full ( lp ) version rather than the 45-rpm edit , which was about two minutes shorter . it 's a shame , in a way , that this song had lyrics ; had it been an instrumental , it would have found a perfect and permanent home - on & quot ; music from nfl films&quot ; - it had that quality about it . as for the other eight offerings : if they wanted to pick some obscure stuff , why did n't they go all the way and throw in dusk 's & quot ; treat me like a good piece of candy ? & quot 
books neg 984.txt i typically do not read stories like this , but a neighbor had lent it to me and i figured i 'd check it out . the plot is n't bad , but the dialogue is another story . the writing was so unbelievably awful that i had to fight myself to finish it . phrases like " god damn , oh god , etc.. . " were repeated over and over again . i got really sick hearing about tess 's cute freckles and jimmy 's movie star looks / sex drive . the majority of the story line between tess and jimmy has them arguing over a one night stand . it was 300 + pages of pretty bad writing . i 'd strongly recommend taking a pass on this book . not worth your time unless you are looking to take a mini-break from harlequin romances.. . 
health neg 727.txt the bath seat was easy to put together and satisfactory to use . but some of the metal hardware that was provided for use in assembling the seat was not rust-proof , and rusted after several weeks of use . it makes no sense to make a product used under water that contains metal parts that are not rust-proof . 
books pos 224.txt my husband and i recently bought a home and i really felt i needed to find some tips on being organized . i used to be very organized ( and still am at work ) , but with the birth of my daughter almost a year and a half ago that has all gone down hill around the house . i came away with some really good tips for organization . not to mention some good tips on how to get rid of ants and various other insects and rodents . great book for any mom who feels their house needs a little boost in the organization department 
music pos 673.txt i do n't like this album as much as their earlier stuff . i have liked each release less than the previous , and this one falls right in line with that trend . the opener & quot ; quality revenge . . . &quot ; is one of their best songs hands down , though . this is a very good cd , but the farther from braid we get in time the less i seem to like their music 
dvd neg 35.txt my husband and i are both history and literature buffs , so we were excited to watch this film when it was released to dvd . we are n't typically hard people to please , but this film was one of the most boring movies that i 've seen to date . it 's not that i do n't appreciate artistic , visually stimulating movies - that have a point . perhaps , assuming we all knew the story already , the director wanted to impress us with over two hours of lingering shots on grass , water , trees...and more trees . apart from the lack of any foreword momentum whatsoever ( though i will grant the last 45 minutes or so were interesting and possibly worth the slogging required to arrive there ) , this movie represents revisionist history at its worst . here we are presented with an idyllic , practically un-fallen and un-corrupted view of the noble savage juxtaposed against the muddy , disgusting , conniving white man . perhaps the writer forgot some of the more violent sides of some native american life like scalping , or the less-than-environmentally-friendly act of running whole herds of buffalo off cliffs . it 's fair to say , as the post-colonial talk goes , that native americans have been marginalized and misrepresented over the years . but by shifting to the other extreme , do n't we fall prey to the same false stereotyping - just going the opposite direction 
books neg 275.txt bill , when will you just die ? if you read this feel free to email me evan.fett@gmail.co 
music pos 708.txt chandos ' grainger edition is a significant contribution to modern art . this particular volume ( vol . 14 ) features grainger 's settings of various folk and popular songs which he made in the first quarter of the 20th century . the accompaniments are set for small ensembles , and grainger utilized the harmonium on many of the song settings on this disc . sound is 24-bit 
software neg 878.txt i was a real fan of omnipage until this version . the scanning speed is slug like . the proof reading function has is less functional the version 14 , and it tends to forget the scanner settings . no noticable new features where added from version 14 , and this seems to be a new version for the sake of milking the client base 
books pos 929.txt this is a great , funny book . it may be my favorite jeeves & wooster story 
health neg 288.txt i ordered two of these heating pads and paid more because it looked like they have a better cover , instead of the usual cheap cotton cloth cover that looks like a rag after being washed once ... well , they do have a different cover , but the listing on amazon did n't say that the pads shut-off after one hour . i am capable of turning off a heating pad by myself , and do n't need / want any auto shutoff . these two heating pads are going right back . i can get the regular heating pads that do n't have auto shutoff down at the the local discount store for half the price 
software neg 6.txt i just bought this cd because i am learning haitian creole , and that 's one of the languages that is supposed to be on this cd . when i installed it , i was unable to find anything on the cd in haitian creole , even though it is listed as one of the languages on the case . so it has been a complete waste of money for me , perhaps if i was interested in the other languages i could give it more stars . it also says in the blurb that u can use any of the 16 languages as the source language , but that is not possible either , u can only chooose a few of the languages as your source . i am very disappointed in the false advertising for this product . if anyone can find creole on this cd i would be happy to stand corrected . ps i contacted imsi and they say the cd 's were mislabelled , there is no haitian creole on the cd , despite the fact that it is listed on the cover 
camera pos 479.txt ok.. . i do n't know who reviews batteries but this one is pretty good . 
dvd pos 920.txt this was the first silent film that i saw in its entire form . the 1927 king of kings , directed by cecil b . demille . as with d.w griffth , charlie chaplin , and greta garbo , he is right up their amoung silent icons . this movie , starring h.b. warner as jesus is a truely a jewel of a film . everyone knows the story , but it is told very well here . demille knew his bible films , like ten commandments ( 1924 , 1956 ) samson and delilah and this movie , the king of kings . the film maybe dated a tiny bit , but can the story of jesus be dated . i love jesus movies , like jesus of nazareth , the greatest story ever told . the 1961 king of kings , and the musicals jesus christ superstar and godspell . and the story of christ was also tackled in the 1916 d.w griffth classic intolerence . but this film is broughhow much t out in much better detail . the special effects are amazing for 1927 , the crucifixion scene is astondishing , and a scene in color , which is the resurrection scene.the cast of characters is also amazing . in our era of movies , if you need a big scene , a will have only 100 people , and cgi the other tens of thousands . since there was no cgi back in 1927 , or computers for that matter , they directors like demillie and griffth had to actually get thousands of extras for there scenes in these epics . i know people think silents are boring but for an 18 year old , they are a gateway to the past . without those groundbreaking films , no one would care about movies . those early silents were the catalyst for what would become . i would recommend this film . this movie is a true classic , no matter what religion you are 
software pos 75.txt i had a very old version of hallmark studio , do n't even remember how old . wanted to update . i installed the program and was absolutely amazed and very happy with this product and features . lots of cards to choose from , very very pretty colors . the event planner is great too ! the only thing i would change is the ability change font in the planner , and move written info by tabbing . otherwise it 's a wonderful program . highly recommended ! ! satisfie 
health neg 996.txt when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroo 
health neg 890.txt there are so many different sites that all tell you that ' they ' have the best absorbed coenzyme q10 manufactured . it 's hard to know who is really telling the absolute truth or just propagandizing a product for quick sale . we are born with extremely high levels of coenzyme q10 and then it gets slowly used up as the years pass even if we actually eat the foods that resupply our bodies . and who purposefully eats these foods for the coenzyme q10 content ? the mitochondria in every single cell in our body needs this coenzyme for production of energy . by the time we are over 40 , our levels have dropped significantly and our energy levels have dropped with it . i must admit that this nature 's made product does not seem to increase my energy level like other company 's coenzyme q10 does . so , from my own reaction to this product , i do not recommend this particular coenzyme q10. there are several other companies that make excellent , effective products ( like dr. whitaker 's and dr. sinatra 's and dr. william 's ) but not this nature made product 
software neg 271.txt if you own a newer dvd camcorder that is manufactured by panasonic , hitachi , and others that records your movies in a .vro format you can not use this product . you will have to buy an additional program that will cost about $40 to convert the .vro format to a avi , wav , or mpeg format . if you own a camcorder that records in .vro do some research before you waste $80 on this program 
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again 
books pos 685.txt based on the description , i expected this to be a davinci code knock-off , but gave it a shot since i recieved a free copy . comparing labyrinth to the davinci code do it injustice ; this is definately not an imitator and is worth reading in it 's own right . i enjoyed the characters , plot , and switching between the past and present . i 'm not sure it has literary value ( i would n't argue that the davinci code does , either ) , but it 's certainly complex enough to make you think about the plot and character relationships without being difficult to follow 
health pos 870.txt we needed something for our baby 's room so that we would n't have to tip-toe around the house while she was napping . we ordered this item based on the great reviews , but did n't really know what to expect . it 's much like the noise produced by a small fan , but without blowing air . it has two speeds , and complete control over the volume and pitch by adjustment of the louvers . some reviews we read said it was not loud enough . i ca n't imagine that being a problem as we have it on the quietest setting ( louvers completely closed , and low speed ) and it 's perfect . on high it 's plenty loud for a device used while sleeping . this product did the trick for us , and i would recommend it to anybody with a light-sleeping baby 
dvd pos 15.txt i was one of those that never got a chance to sit down during the live broadcast to watch live 8 and certainly regretted that . however , i was fortunate enough to find this copy at amazon and it 's been everything i had expected and more . i 'm a huge pink floyd fan and their performance alone was worth the price of the box set not to mention all of the other fantastic performances . i would highly recommend this box set to any music fan from any generation- -truly a " must have " for anyone 's collection ! 
music neg 86.txt this album is lame as hell but next to the air pollution on the airwaves today , this aint too bad thats why it gets a 2. right before female rappers ( there 's a few exceptions ) , i hate all little kid rappers . even when i was a kid . i do n't like anything on this album , i still got the tape and it has n't " krossed " my mind to even cop the cd . if you like this kind of stuff , or you loved " jump " back in the day then i guess this is for you 
software pos 434.txt this product is a masterpiece . it 's a testimony to early 21st century thinking about the world , the earth , learning , and software . it 's a swiss-army knife of information with a kind of practical beauty that we associate with tools that work . check out the map tool , and the view of the earth at night . it 's delight and a gift to an active mind . somebody has thought long and hard about what students need on their computer to succeed . what they 've come up with is an awesome collection of innovative productivity tools for kids . take math . the math tool alone is worth the price of admission . this is where algebra class should start . math lovers will eat it up . for the less than loving , student includes really excellent tutorials on math concepts . it even links homework help for many of the major math books . you put in the textbook , the assignment , and it steps the student through the problems . homeschooling ? read no further . just buy it . geography ? the map tool , especially the statistical mapper lets you view the world from outer space , with or without political boundaries , and compares the performance of countries on a zillion measures . literature ? it 's got summaries and readers guides for a huge list of required reading , and not just the stuffy victorian novels , but ursula leguin and even some titles that i did n't think were worth reading . the language tools - - you can hear a word pronounced in a surprising array of foreign languages , plus dictionaries and translators , and even plugins for ms word that make it easy to write in french or spanish . no more funny key combos to get a cedilla . plus encarta encyclopedia - - which is safer and way more effective at leading kids to track down related ideas than a web search . i 'm sure i 'm leaving something out . the only problem is , it takes gigabytes of memory and really ought to be partnered with ms office . that said , if you take education seriously , you ought to have this on your computer 
camera pos 769.txt the charger really did what it was supposed to do . i have an li-10b , so i was still some what worried that it was n't going to do the job , but it did . i also liked that it was small so you can travel with it anywhere . 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
camera pos 2.txt i love this backpack ! it is just what i needed to safely carry my camera gear and keep it organized 
music pos 225.txt i appreciate bands like ima robot , film school and electroclash artists for trying to add a little balance into alternative music , or at least i appreciate film school for trying to merge the beauty of electronica with alternative and allow it to simmer down to the always wonderous shoegazing while bringing back the trend of the new wave you loved in the 80's . the thing about it is it is bands like these that are adding their own style into music making it worth your minutes and expanding your genres from just on band . have you heard depeche mode 's albums with a wind of boards of canada ? call this the album that it would have made more sense for maximo park to create if you will but this album is america 's response to all other international bands showing us off hard . ( the band is from san francisco , i believe ) and their influence for this album is a mix of electronica and 80 's music ( my bloody valentine . new order ? depeche mode ? ) all leading them to create an album that does n't quite call the band in question an american radiohead per se , but with half of the music smothered in swirling guitars , accompanying keyboards , and a leaders effort to push the band forward , a band that is trying to reach heights of originality . film school 's debut ( if you are n't counting their imported ep ) kicks off with am intro wielding only swirls of guitar and electronics before finally bringing you into an illuminating " on and on " that may force your urge to name this band after interpol and elefant and a little bit of the bravery in there , too , but will not let you throughout this entire album . their current single " pitfalls " may cause them to swing on the vine of similarity since everyone is trying to bring back new wave these days , but worse can happen for a band like this . the backward keyboard melody should more than make you tell the difference . the second actual interlude " garrison " is where boards of canada 's wind starts blowing through the cd , before heading back into the record that will be likely to redefine the sound of " cool " . if there is ever an album to chase after and count on for the safety of new wave and the health of alternative , i do n't see a better candidate for leg-ups than film school 's latest . rating : 7.5 / 1 
camera pos 934.txt multi-element add-on lense used with kodak dx-7590 provides good wide-angle capability . note that this is a very large add-on lense ( screws into dx-7590 extension-piece which costs an additional $20 ) . does the job well in most portraiture and scenic applications , however two caveats : ( 1 ) slight curvature of field in extreme corners of wide-angle shots ( ie , corners of shots may be noticeably out of focus ) . suggest cropping to 95% of original picture to maintain sharpness across plane . ( 2 ) size of lense will render pop-up flash and outside the lense focusing system ( ultra-sonic ) less functional . 
software pos 213.txt this program is positively wonderful for word practice and pronunciation with a number of flash-card style game and a very elegant listen-record-replay interface . while the two characters do pronounce words slightly differently , hearing those variations really helps to understand the phonetics in a way that a single voice would lack . however , this really is more of a companion tool for a more traditional course . i purchased this with " colloquial icelandic " and would definitely recommend purchasing them together . there are some extremely strange spelling / pronunciation variations and without having a written explanation of these things , you may be left staring in great confusion as the characters read phrases on screen - - " hva " is pronounced " kwah ? " what ? having " colluquial icelandic " to turn to for explanation helped a great deal . that package has two audio cds of alphabet , number , vocabulary and conversation exercises with a very well-written 370 page coursebook . i gave this product a 5-star rating as it is superb for its intended purpose , but it does not stand alone as a complete course 
health neg 873.txt i made my order 5 / 26 / 06 and received my order 7 / 22 / 0 
music pos 172.txt recorded 2001 - 2002. it has become all too common that few are taken to task for saying or doing stupid things . what 's worse is that no one seems to care . this is the kind of thing that pisses lewis black off . the angrier he gets the funnier he is . i first came to appreciate mr. black on the comedy central 's " daily show . " i always felt that there should have been more time devoted to lewis black . i wanted more - i needed more - i had to have more ! so i went to my " mental health club , " amazon.com and bought every title available . the end of the universe , rules of engagement and luther burbank preforming arts center blues - ( i had already purchased the white album ) which one is the best ? all of them ! as i write this review - i realize that i still want more - so i am buying the dvd's . there is nothing dated about this material . in 2006 it is just as - if not funnier than when first released . please lewis keep recording it still is not enough ! casl 
music pos 465.txt this is , i believe , the best fleetwood mac album ever record by the band . it begins with a nice quick paced tune , " second hand news " and proceeds to move into many textured songs from there . the album itself does not have a bad tune on it . in fact , of all the ' regular ' albums from fleetwood mac ( excluding greatest hits compilations ) , this album has more hits on it than any other . hits like ' dreams , ' ' never going back , ' ' do n't stop , ' ' go your own way , ' ' the chain ' and ' you make loving fun . " all of these get enormous radio play . moreover , ' dreams ' was a number one hit , and the album itself held the number one slot for months on end , and has sold over 18 million copies in the u.s. and over 30 million worldwide , putting into the top 50 best selling albums of all time . in fact , an interesting tid bit from the liner notes of the cd describe how the album had such an impact on america 's youth that during that generation if you were to ask a student to spell ' rumor ' there would inevitably be two ' u's ' in the spelling . now that is a very strong impact on culture . every song on this album is arranged on the album as if it flowed right into the other making for an overall well rounded album . one of my all time favorite songs from fleetwood mac is on this album , " never going back " which contains some great acoustic guitar work from one of rock 's premier guitarists , lindsey buckingham , and , in my opinion , the best christine mcvie song ever written , " songbird . " now , with this release , you can also get , on a second cd , the various rough takes and outtakes of the songs on this album . this makes for great listening , to hear how the songs developed and were recorded . moreover , early demos are included along with two ' jam sessions . " now , more than ever , this is a must have cd for any lover of rock music ( or music in general for that matter ) . if you are a fleetwood mac fan , then chances are you own this album , but if you are just getting introduced to the band , then you must buy this cd . i highly recommend it 
software pos 803.txt i am a solo family medicine physician and have been using the quickbooks pro series since 2003. at first , i was a little upset with being forced to upgrade my qb pro 2003 , however once i installed the new premium 2006 , i must say i am very pleased . from the beginning , everything has changed just a small bit , however in a very good way . in my past version of qb pro 2003 , i had to toggle between different screens in order to move from deposits to writing checks , etc. in premium 2006 this is no longer the case . a very easy to use and intuitive home page shows everything you need to use . each different tool is one simple click away . i very much like the new enhanced payroll option in that i can now print out my state tax forms along with my federal forms . in the past , it would take an hour or two out of my family time in order to fill in those little boxes and double check each figure with my cpa . now i print out each form and am finished in less than 10 minutes . i would highly recommend this product to any solo or small group practice . the versatility and power found in quickbooks premium allows me to keep track of my finances personally . the added convenience of the payroll services just makes this product an even better buy . yes , there are enough subtle differences between the pro and premium version to justify spending a few extra dollars . i would definitely buy this software title again 
camera neg 678.txt be warned , if you have a computer with a slot dvd drive , you simply cannot transfer your video files to your computer for editing , sharing , whatever . ca n't be done without a series of possibly mythical workarounds and loss of quality with each step . i was even willing to consider buying an external dvd drive with a firewire connection and a loading tray that supported the 8 cm disks , but could n't find one . i searched all over , asked in several places on the apple web boards , talked to the ' geniuses ' at the apple store - this camera is simply not usable with a macintosh that has a slot drive . talk about crazy ! 
books neg 518.txt great book , of course , but for this edition oxford used a computer to justify the type . on every other line you encounter three or four spaces where there should be only one . it may not bother most readers , but i 'm looking for another publisher 's edition 
health neg 625.txt they 're ok , but definately not as absorbent as the overnight diapers . my son soaks through if he urinates during the night 
software pos 373.txt i love this product . it is easy to use and lots of designs to chosse from 
health neg 216.txt i bought this epilator solely for upper lip hair , it takes off most of it but i dont think it epilates coz u can still see minute hair which wont be caught up in the blades and also the hair regrow in 2-3 days...much like shaving it off . i would rather goto the salon every 2 weeks than use this every 3rd day . moreover , on underarms , it pains as much as the other epilators so if you already have one , dont waste your money on this one 
health neg 548.txt i guess it 's cheap , but the dial rocks like crazy when you stand on it and shift your weight , so it 's pretty hard to get anything more than a ~2-3 pound estimate . which is fine if you 're not obsessive , but most people care about that increment.. . 
camera neg 117.txt i bought this lens for my canon 30d after reading every professional review i could find . i knew going in that this lens was n't perfect but , was supposed to be better than the 18-55 kit lens . i liked the range that it provided and the image stabilization . i shot pictures with this lens and was extremely dissapointed . the pictures were not sharp at all and the colors were dull . i thought it might have been my new camera at first because i could n't imagine the quality would be this bad . i ruled this out after i used my canon 28-105 lens i had for my canon film slr and the results were much better . for the digital focal length though , my old lens would n't suffice because of the 1.6x focal factor . later , i decided on the tamron 17-50 / 2.8 after reading reviews . the salesperson at the professional camera store guessed that my pictures were very soft when i told him i had this canon lens . he said , " let me guess , you 'd like to try the tamron 17-50 / 2.8. " he said that this was the very best lens to buy in the price range and to take it home and try it . i could return it with no questions asked if i was n't satisfied . he also said that he had n't had one person return it yet . my first images with this lens were great . they were sharp and had way more vibrant color . there is absolutely no comparison at all . i was hesitant to buy a third party lens but , my fears were instantly eliminated after seeing the results . this is the first review i have ever posted on amazon . i was so dissapointed that i wanted to help others not make the same mistake . after spending $$$ on a digital slr , it would be a waste not to get great pictures with it because of the lens . before taking a chance on buying the canon , do yourself a big favor and try the canon and tamron at a local store . 
books neg 909.txt same old gw bunch of ridiculous opinions . i thought this one might be better , but no.. . now even pine is n't good enough - it has to be 100 year old pine 
music pos 656.txt miss saigon is my favorite all-time musical ! i was hesitant when buying this recording because in my mind lea salonga is and always will be kim ! but i was pleasantly surprised . joanna ampil as kim holds her own . while she does n't have the vocal range of lea , she has a beautiful , crisp voice which she uses to emote the emotional turmoil of kim . she expresses herself in a way that makes you feel her love , pain and anguish and in turn she makes this part her own . the rest of the cast is superb ( especially the amazing ruthie henshall as ellen ) but make no mistake , this show belongs to ampil ! i also fell in love with some of the material left out of the lcr . there a beautiful bridges and songs which enrich the story . " back in town " stands out for me because of the gorgeous melodies . anyone who has fallen in love with the story of " miss saigon " will appreciate these added gems ! this cast recording is definitely worth a listen ! 
health pos 175.txt the satinelle ice epilator does exactly what it is supposed to do : remove hair quickly and efficiently by the root . what an advantage ! hair does not reappear as quickly as it does shaving , and when it does , it is not the sharp stubble that happens with shaving . i do n't think it hurts much , though some spots may be a bit more sensitive than others . the trick then is to simply lift it up off of the skin and stop momentarily . i am very happy with this product 
camera neg 923.txt first , i want to defend this camera 's lack of an lcd viewscreen- -really unrealistic to expect something like that at this price point . what 's wrong with this camera is that it tries to do so many different things that it does n't do the one thing it needs to do well- -i.e . , take a picture with the push of a button . this product would be much better if you took out all the settings ( what kid needs different resolution settings on a cheap camera , for crying out loud ? ) and simply put in an auto-flash . as it is , you must consult the manual , push the mode button until you find the correct symbol for the flash ( which is not intuitive , so you 'll need to carry the manual with you ) , press the shutter button to turn the flash on , wait for the little red light to come on , and then you can take a picture . then you shut it off or it goes off by itself after a very short period of inactivity , and the next time you want to take a picture you have to do it all over again ! oh , and did i mention that it wo n't take a picture if there is n't enough light ( there was n't even in the brightest room in my house ) , so you must use the flash ? clearly , the makers of this product did not test it on real children . heck , my digital camera is easier to use than this ! we never even got to see the picture quality- -after trying to get it to even take a picture , i knew this was going back to the store asap 
camera pos 86.txt i won the kodak printer at a scrapbook convention & then went on the hunt to find the refills at a reasonable price . purchasing the 160 count made the price per print the lowest & beat out anything i could find in the local stores . it is a great convenience to be able to whip out a 4x6 print instead of having to download it to a store 's website , wait a few days , go there & pick it up , etc. great value 
books neg 220.txt if you liked whyte 's previous sophomoric efforts , you 'll love this . in addition to being the same dumb , hackneyed story lines and stock characters we are used to from the previous books , this one has the additional feeling of being pure filler : in no real way does the story get advanced . arthur begins as a baby , and ends as a small boy . there are adventures , but nothing important happens . as usual , in whyte 's books , the bad guys are left alive so they can sneak up and do new evil , and as usual the bad guys are pure plot devices and in no way characters . with all the ( totally ahistorical ) democratic rhetoric , merlin 's brother shows up out of nowhere and they immediately hand him half the power in camelot . anyone who would read this , i guess , has already read the previous lame offerings in this series and does n't object to laughably boring plots which rely heavily on coincidence , caricatures who never grow or change , and historical detail that sounds like it comes from a museum brochure rather than any real scholarship . so go for it . but please , if you want something exciting that will also make you think , look at the really good arthurian efforts out there- -gillian brandshaw , a.a. attanasio , or barbara taylor bradford to name just a very few. . 
dvd pos 949.txt what is it with the british film scene and its distinctly gritty style . it seems that if we 're not producing trashy ealing comedies , it 's a shocking reality drama with the likes of ray winstone in it ? well ray winstone is n't in this one , but he could well be as the rat catcher is another one of those ' you either enjoy challenging films or you don't ' pieces . i personally love them , i guess i must be a miserable bugger ! of course this film investigates the reality of the underclass , dysfunctional life lived in a rough and grimey housing estate . but it is unique ( well probably not unique ) in that it is told pretty much entirely from the view of the 12 year old boy , played by william eadie , who is struggling to make some sense of what is going on around him . we learn that no matter what environment children grow up in , they always seem to hold true and remain untainted somehow . without wishing to give too much away , it is the final brief scene of this film which has stayed in my mind ever since i watched it in 2000. worth the wait if you like being deeply moved by simple things 
health pos 621.txt wonderful for getting all of your trigger points in your back especially , but also in your neck and feet . your body feels so relaxed after using the theracane . 
software pos 432.txt i purchased this program simply for the encarta 2007. i was amazed at all of the wonderful features that microsoft put into the package . i feel that anyone in school or not would find this program to be a useful tool in your daily life . enjoy it . 
camera pos 81.txt this is a great camera that takes the place of an earlier canon digital elph that i lost several years ago . the 7.1 megapixels ensures great quality and the 3x zoom provides crisp clear pictures . in fact the digital zoom also works great - just make sure the camera is steady ( i purchased a nice compact monopod and the results were awesome ) . although the image stabilization feature on the newer models would have been great to have , you ca n't beat the price and overall quality of this camera and the pictures it takes . the canon sd500 is a great little camera 
health neg 491.txt i complete disagree with the previous review on that sonicare is superior . i 've used all of the sonic toothbrushs on the market and braun sonic complete is by far the best . however , this unit is nothing like sonic complete , the sonic energy is completely in the handle , it 's like holder a vibrator . the real sonic complete channels the energy to the brush head.. . you are probably better more with one of the other two models of vitality that uses rotational brush heads 
software pos 161.txt first , if you 're thinking about using these photos for print , you may wish to think again . most objects run between 300-600 pixels in width or height , or 1-2 inches at 300 dpi . stretch them bigger than that , and they 'll start to blur and / or get jagged . also note , that if you try to export / save an image from the hemera image browser and select the 300 dpi setting , the browser may stretch the graphic larger than it 's actual size , causing blurring and jaggedness right out of the gate . you need to use the " use image 's full size " checkbox when exporting images . if you specify a 300 dpi size , and do n't use that checkbox , you 'll get a stretched image . for example , the first image in the collection ( the pocket watch ) is only 384 pixels wide . if you specify 300 dpi and do n't check the " use image 's full size " box , the software will stretch it to 642 pixels wide . the stretching will cause the image to look fuzzier and / or more jagged when you use it in a web site or print project . all that said , if you 're going to use the images for the web , they 're great . you get almost all the images you 'd find in their three " photo objects " collections , each of which is much more expensive than this single collection . the difference is the photo objects collections offer about 20-30% higher resolution ( i.e. the first image in the collection is 384 pixels wide , but is 492 pixels wide in photo objects ) and you can save the photo objects images with transparent backgrounds ( while this collection forces you to specify a color for the background ) . for the price , this is a good collection . there are lots of shots with minor variations , so it may seem like duplication , but for someone trying to get something just right , that slightly different tilt of the head may be just what the doctor ordered 
books pos 361.txt i read this years after i 'd read catcher in the rye and nine stories and it was cool to be reading salinger again but it was n't as rewarding as the first two books were . maybe i let too much time pass and outgrew his style . i dunno . i felt as if i was reading a magazine story and not a book story . i still would read everything he wrote tho if he released all new stuff , j.d. salinger 's the man 
music pos 371.txt comparing gogol bordello and juf is like comparing apples and oranges . i have seen gogol live more times than i have fingers and toes to count on . when i bought juf i did not expect to hear anything remotely resembling a gogol album . this is a dancehall album . you like it or you do n't , but just remember it is a side project . it does not make any sense to compare it to other gogol albums . listen before you buy 
music neg 990.txt there 's always the argument that if bach had had a modern piano , he would have composed for it . let 's consider another possibility : if some style-insensitive time machine had delivered a piano to bach 's doorstep , he might have tried it out and rejected it as a bad idea , since it so obviously fails to serve the paramount musical ideals that inspired the high baroque composers . for listeners who understand what bach meant by equal temperament , it 's worth noting that the standard temperament of the modern piano bears no close connection to what bach was trying to demonstrate in these " pedagogical " compositions . in other words , the point is lost . 
camera pos 847.txt i bought this camera to replace a high mp sony pocket camera , and i am thrilled with it . the picture quality is absolutely gorgeous in any lighting . the red eye reduction really works , and gets rid of the red-eye before it ever gets to the memory card . it has a compact flash card memory system , which is great because big compact flash cards are much more afforadable than the other types of cards . this camera is better than my brother 's canon slr in terms of picture quality , but not nearly as bulky and cumbersome . the battery life is fantastic . one other nice feature is the screen at the top of the camera which lets you see how many pictures you have , and the batter life , mode , etc without opening the screen . the only drawbacks to this camera are ( 1 ) not the biggest zoom lens , but plenty enough for the typical photographer , ( 2 ) the screen could be bigger , but still acceptable , and ( 3 ) when you have the screen open , you ca n't use the viewfinder , which is a little annoying , but not a big deal . i have owned 4 other high-end digital cameras and this is by far the best one i have ever used . 
dvd pos 109.txt great movie and it was a pleasure buying it through amazon 
software pos 194.txt this is a great item for any collector or new fans to the x-men . all the older along with the newer issues look great . the cd includes all issues of the uncanny x-men ( 1-461 ) along with giant sized and annual issues . there is also comprehensive biographies on the more popular characters and artwork and layouts of the xaiver institute . could it of had more content , maybe , but this will keep one busy for a long time . with easy maneuverabiltity , this is a highly addictive cd with virtually months of entertainment 
camera pos 785.txt the sony cybershot is a great camera . the colors and the features are amazing . is very easy to use . the only thing i dont like about the camera is the zoom in and out button . if you zoomed in you wont be able to zoom out . 
camera neg 39.txt amazon 's aggressive marketing tacticts now include shipping you goods when you called them to cancel it . i will never buy from amazon again . i bought over 100 items over 5 years . i purchased the camera on a 1 day delivery plan . they then just ship 4-5 day completely insensitive to a photographer 's needs . i cancelled order 2 days before it ships , they say sorry we cannot cancel . 2 days ? ? ? come-on . i guess the $3000 just creates nice interest . the end for me and amazon , i do not like this kind of " aggressive marketing " . good advice , rather buy direct from b&h photo , pay double if you like , but you will get what you pay for there , not aggressive marketing and shoving of a product down your throat at their terms . i am truly annoyed . run , hide . 
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
dvd neg 158.txt i 'm puzzled as to why anyone should pay $59.39 for these three dvds that currently retail on amazon for $11.24 ( signs ) , $14.99 ( unbreakable ) , and $26.99 ( sixth sense* ) totaling $53.22 ? *there is also a less expenseive " collector 's version " of the sixth sense that only costs $14.99 if you 'd rather not pay the $12.00 for the " vista series " extras . i 'm also skeptical as to whether the version of unbreakable sold here has as much content as the vista series edition sold seperately that contains 2 discs ( i assume this edition does not because this box set only includes 3 discs , 1 per movie ) . i love the movies , but where 's the price break on buying them all together when the package is $6.17- $18.17 more than purchasing these dvd 's seperately ? ? ? 
software pos 328.txt the product did just what i wanted and that is to burn videos onto dvds from my camera . i had an earlier version of nero but it would not do this . 
books neg 403.txt i have read several of hiaasen 's books and loved them . they were very funny . this one is not . it is an endless description of naked strippers . i found the main character , erin , to be very unappealing . she is just so stupid . her problems are all of her own creation . and she is not funny . i think you have to be a man to like this book . i , as a woman , just found it exceedingly boring . i kept waiting for it to get funny . it never did 
books neg 899.txt i wanted to like this book , but i had to give up in the end . if the overall vignette concept is attractive enough , the execution of detail is n't - - kosinski ca n't write . he tries and eventually fails to convey what he deems important , whereas the reader is always expected to discover " depth " in simplicity . nothing to be recommended for 
dvd pos 428.txt i liked very much these series . you will enjoy every momets in this moives . it is deserve a place in my collection 
software neg 529.txt this is the worst software i bought . first , it cost $100 and mcafee did not honor the $55 rebate because i sent the rebate form a little late . they had only 15 days to send out after purchase while compusa receipt has much longer deadline to send our rebate form . is n't that kind of trick ? second and most important , it slowed down everything , not a bit but by dozens of seconds or even more than 1 minute . third , the speed is not only the problem , its wireless connection sucks to the maximum and a couple of my machines ca n't get online and ca n't connect to the network . i have 3 pcs and 1 laptop . only two machine can get connected . it also conflicts with belkin network card driver which has been so popular for so many years . how the hell mcafee did not know that adaptor ? fourth , there is no manual whattsover and you have to all figure that out yourself . given it has so much problem it 's very frustrating to configure it . sometimes the security center is downloading forever . who the hell knows what it is doing . sucks . i had spent so much time to fine tune it and it still sucks that much . i changed back to internet security suite which is much better than this . do n't buy it even they give it to you free or you will break the disk . 
dvd pos 659.txt i just finished watching callie and son . i got my copy from the dollar store and it has another movie ( power passion and murder ) with michelle pfeiffer in it as well.. . it really was n't that bad , considering the price i paid . lindsay wagner is actually the main character and i think she did a great job , as did most of the actors in this film . the only trouble is the movie lasted about a hour longer than it needed to . with a bit of editing and a bit better script , it would have been a great movie ! the end was somewhat unexpected and horrifying.. . i 'd recommend it for someone to watch once , but i would n't pay more than i did for it . the dvd quality is really poor , the sound fades in and out , but for what it was , a bargain bin cheapy , i was pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed it . 
camera pos 928.txt i 'd love to read a review from anyone who has purchased this camera , the aiptek zoom dv-6 mp image stabilizing camcorder w / 3x optical zoom . i see the claim that it has 3x optical zoom and cannot help but question this because i am unable to find this product on aiptek-dot-com and this cam has supposedly been available since july 30th , 2006. am wondering what gives with that ? please someone , post a review of this model and hopefully , some picture results too . let us know about this 3x optical zoom , please ! i had to pick a rating , so the four star rating was based on the mpvr version of this camera - - which i own and find to be a very decent gadget . mine is over a year old and still going strong - no problems with that model . mp3 's sound terrific . i convert movies for viewing on the camera while on the go and.. . " wow " for its quality . i have recorded sounds and more . very decent ! just drag and drop my files from my pc to the sd card and i can switch out movies and mp3's . i am happy with that model , but it does not have any optical zoom - just digital . still get pretty good pix tho , just use the various settings.. . my little homemade movies are good , very decent , but without additional lighting , indoor movies will be dark . this camera doesnt handle well in strong sun - i use an umbrella over my cam as i film . big diff . so , is this newer model really all that much better ? ca n't wait to know ! 3x optical sounds good. . 
books neg 841.txt this is the worst textbook i have ever bought for any class ! it is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read . this book is horribly written . the explanations are boring , drawn out , and unclear . the early chapters draaaag on forever . the later chapters get a little better , but they state a lot of obvious or useless information . i have spent hours and weeks studying from this text and learned very little . 
health pos 123.txt i really like this product because it 's compact and easy to use . now that would n't be important if it did n't work properly , but it does , so i have everything in one small , easy-to-carry package . that 's a valuable feature for one who 's on the go as much as i am . the greatest thing about this product is that it 's accurate ; i always take it to the dr 's office with me and compare his results with the results of this dynamite little monitor . i liked it so well , after i tried it , i went back and bought one for a friend who was recently diagnosed with high blood pressure . highly recommended , but i also recommend that you compare your results with your doctor's . after all , it 's only a machine ... and like cars , you can always get a " lemon . 
camera pos 993.txt i have several different binoculars from small hand held to a large pair of nikon 's i use for wildlife spotting . i have never had anything that performs nearly as well as these do . i am a serious nature and wildlife photographer that has used high end canon photography equipment for years . when i saw a image stabilized binocular was available with " l " glass , ( this is the symbol that canon uses to identify their finest optics in camera lenses ) , i bought them immediately . these binoculars are a little bit heavier than a non stabilized pair , but the weight is easily compensated by the stabilizer . once you press the stabilizer button , the scene will lock , and the effect is amazing . i tested them by looking at a sign about 100 yards away . with my normal hand shake i could not read the sign at that distance . as soon i engaged the stabilizer , the image locked into place and never once moved . it performs as well as my camera lenses . as far as the optics , they are , in my opinion second to none in the world . the image is significantly brighter than any other set i have , and the calrity and sharpness is incredible . the night viewing capabilities are incredible . finally , a huge plus is that these binoculars are completely fog and weather sealed . change amibient temps , use them in the rain , and the will not allow condensation to get into the unit . a wonderful feature for those of us that use our equipment in other than nice weather . things to be aware of include : these are relatively large , which suit a medium to large hand size . if you have very small hands , your may not like the feel of the unit in your hands . second , the lens caps do not perform well . they simple do not stay on the unit . although for me this is not a serious issue , it is the one area that canon could have done a much better job . you can get around this issue by attaching a good uv filter to the lenses . ( you should probably do this anyway to protect the glass ) finally , the strap the the carry case comes with is poor . it is too thin to be comfortably worn for extended use . i would recommend you find a really comfortable aftermarket camera strap to use with these . summary : outstanding performance and quality . a little larger fell in your hands than some people may like , but once you learn to use them , i do not believe any serious birdwatcher or sports fan would ever let them go ! i give the canon l binoculars a 5 star rating . 
software neg 329.txt i purchased this updated version 1 / 5 / 07. it does not print correctly , and technical support assured me that the developer is " working on the problem " and a " fix " is soon to come . this is march 1 , and no update is available yet . this program is un-usable and i am very unhappy and would not recommend " as is " to anyone . i have the 2005 edition and was very pleased with it . this is a large embarrassment to the hallmark company 
dvd pos 411.txt crackerjack courtroom trial drama based on a true story of three australian soldiers in the boer war accused of killing prisoners and a dutch minister . the british command is obviously using the three as scapegoats to convince the germans , who seem eager to join the war on the side of the boers , to stay out . the men claim they were only following orders , orders which went against " normal " military practice . this is a new type of warfare : the boers fought as guerrillas , not in uniform , not by " the rules . " the australians on trial felt they were engaging them on those terms . the morality of war itself , therefore , is just as much on trial as these men . they all lose in the end . the trial scenes are well paced , and the use of flashback creates just the right amount of tension . also there are enough shady gray areas to keep the proceedings interesting . well worth a watch 
camera pos 167.txt this is the first slr camera that i have ever owned . i bought it because i was going on a trip around the world , wanted a nice camera , and had it recommended by a camera shop owner . it is extremely easy to use , so easy that i could hand the camera to someone in one of the countries i visited , point to the button they needed to push and i ended up with a great picture . i did n't need to explain a thing . i also did n't mind carrying it around all day , it is very light for its size . i have owned the camera for four years now and it still takes beautiful pictures . i have taken all sorts of pictures with this camera , from landscapes to action shots and they all turn out great . the action shots are never blurry ! the only complaint that i have is that the autofocus does not work well in low lighting , sometimes it is slow and sometimes it wo n't work at all . in these cases i just turn on the manual focus option . all the options that the camera has are great , but to be honest i rarely use them . i 've found that it is often easier to use manual focus than to adjust the camera so it will autofocus off center . if i know that i 'm going to be taking action shots or landscapes i will set the camera to that mode , but often i forget and my pictures still look great . i think that this is an excellent camera , especially for someone that is used to a point and shoot but wants the extra quality that a slr camera can give them . there are also many choices when it comes to additional lenses , so when the photography bug gets you , this camera can stay with you 
dvd pos 802.txt this dvd of the wiggles is my 21 / 2 year old grandsons favorite . he watches it every day and never tires of it . i enjoy watching it with him . the wiggles are great entertainment for people of all ages . i do n't think you can go wrong with the wiggles 
health neg 436.txt oh fusion razor , fusion razor , gleaming long and bright . bring to the growth upon my face your buzzing , five-blade might ! your contours sleek and overformed , your gripping action steady . your shaving power manifold , t'would make a weak mind heady . what thoughtfulness lies ' neath your shine ? you gleam like spaceship rubble ! and with your " future now " design , you lay waste to my stubble ! too bad you lay waste also to the skin beneath the hair . now i bemoan the scabby strokes that mar my visage fair . purring like a happy tiger that stalks its helpless prey , with your five and shining claws , my face you swiftly flay . our first few dates were sweet as silk , your touch was oh-so-gentle . but by date three you bit and chewed , you 've proven tempermental . oh , fusion razor , fusion razor , why have you done me wrong ? although you 're mighty , it 's too bad my skin is not as strong . why do i keep on giving you a chance to find redemption ? what razor god hath granted thee such epiderm exemption ? oh , no more , no , my razor friend , your doom is clearly written by tributaries crimson red that on my cheeks you 've smitten . i wondered when i purchased you , just what the " fusion " meant . now i think it marks the meld ' twixt shaves and punishment . " the leading edge of science ! " " the future is today ! " " the greatest shave technology ! " your advertisements say . technology 's not always good . although it 's what life 's built on , it also causes wars and monsters ( much like paris hilton ) . i need no buzzing , layered mesh of steel that swiftly flails . i think i 'd rather shave myself with dull lee press-on-nails . so , adieu , my fusion razor , do n't leave in dour depression . take comfort in that tho ' your banned , you still left an impression 
dvd pos 575.txt for ina claire ninotchka was a last chance to show posterity what she could do , for there would n't be many film opportunities offered her . she 'd been a leading lady of the stage for nigh on thirty years , and her elegant beauty , very much a high-bred dina merrill type look , was still aglow . she was one of carl van vechten 's favorite subjects and he took photo after photo of her , staring imperiously against a wall of baize , or reclining on a lace pillow as fleecy as her beautiful blonde hair . she suffered the ultimate indignity the following year at mgm , when her part in i take this woman was taken away from her and given to the cheaper verree teasdale . her director , josef von sternberg was also let go , and in fact the whole picture was redone so many times studio wags called it i re-take this woman ! the " woman " in question was hedy lamarr ; after ina claire 's hilarious showdowns with garbo in ninotchka , the studio might have thought her perfect for the part of lamarr 's central european rival . a year or so later , and edmund goulding put her to work as dorothy mcguire 's mother in the charming , underrated claudia , but that is definitely a mother part and as such , put an end to ina claire 's film career . as the countess " swana " she gets lots of billy wilder 's best lines and laughs . she 's not afraid of anyone , much less garbo . much has been written about the chemistry between garbo and melvyn douglas , indeed a delightful mix , but the picture would have lacked a lot of its edge without swana 's steely , icy hauteur and her adroit manipulations . in real life ina claire lived on to a great old age . she was 92 when the last curtain fell for her , and here in san francisco , where she spent most of her life , all the lights in her building went off for an hour , precisely at 8:30 , while her fans stood on the street , devoted and vigilant in our own way as the fans surrounding the dakota hotel when john lennon died 
dvd neg 845.txt i had heard of cannibal ferox for quite some time before watching it . i heard that it was the most violent film ever made . i enjoyed umberto lenzis eaten alive and thought this would be even better . i was dead wrong . cannibal ferox is a boring , unpleasent film that definatly doesnt live up to its infamous reputation . im not saying that cannibal ferox isnt gory or violent but i cant see how it was ever banned in 31 countrys . the few gore scenes are pretty effective , but that dosnt make up for the films many many flaws . if it was for giovanni lombardo radice[one of my favorite italian horror actors] starring in it , cannibal ferox would only earn 1 star . 
camera neg 193.txt the frame and the pictures it displays are fine . sometimes it is a little hard to get it to download photos from my pc . my major complaint is the power supply . the original power supply dies after 4 months . it was repalced under warranty ( after some grief with customer service ) . the raplacement died some months later after the warranty had expired . i then had to buy one . that one died after a few months and the company did n't have the replacement in stock . after months of waiting from them to stock the item i gave up and after lots of searching on the web i found a supply made by another compay . i had to change the connector to make it match the connector on the frame . it 's been doing fine since then . i should note that my daughter has the same frame and has had almost identical problems . it looks like there are a lot more of these types of frames on the market now . i would do a lot of shopping before buying this one 
music neg 913.txt denis leary 's whole act is stolen from bill hicks nearly word for word . save your money and search amazon for bill hicks 
health neg 52.txt pedometer part is fine . radio part is useless 
software pos 955.txt we ordered this program only two weeks before moving to bogota , columbia for a two year tour . however , the spanish rosetta stone taught was much higher level than the survival spanish we needed when we arrived . overall we are learning the language and it is a great program . wish we would have bought it 3 or 4 months before departing 
dvd pos 242.txt i saw this show on logo . boy i loved it . i wish i was there 
software pos 697.txt i have not yet looked at all the documents included in this software . i appreciate the tutorial nature and the pro / con examples given . since i am not a lawyer , i am a bit nervous about making legal decisions that would need a test in court to be sure i made the correct choices . i did complete the healthcare directive and it compares well with others i 've seen used in my state . i need to learn more about estate planning and this is going to teach me the jargon and the proper questions to ask . my only complaint is that i declined the free delivery option and paid for delivery so i would have enough time to work with it before my parents appointment with their estate attorney . it did not arrive in a timely manner and i was forced to purchase a download version from another vendor in order to complete forms i wanted the attorney to look at . it is no surprize that he was more interested in drawing up his own forms for my parents and charging $1000 for a basic package . i decided to keep the cd anyway ( when it finally arrived ) just in case i have a hard drive failure . 
dvd neg 747.txt this might be the perfect flick for a fourteen year-old who aspires to be a mass murderer . there is little to recommend it apart from the technical perfection of some of the cinematography and the staging of the scenes of mass destruction of people and property . even these scenes have none of the balletic grace of tarantino 's " kill bill " films , his salute to the genre , or " reservoir dogs , " which has a mystery at its core and some fine acting and dialogue that temper the violence . " bullet ... " is little more than two hours of broken glass , fire , blood squirts , amputation , beatings and explosions . this makes gladiator look like a sunday school picnic . the characters are totally flat , one-dimensional . there is virtually no plot aside from excuses generated to wreak havoc . the acting is weak , static , despite the fact that i do n't understand a word of cantonese . we are presented with a series of stereotypes ( the hooker with a heart of gold , the good friend , the crazy friend and the bad friend ) . unfortunately the american stereotype of the viet cong as madmen - - and saigon as hopelessly corrupt - - is reiterated here to the detriment of any understanding of viet nam during the american occupation . the worst thing is that - - because they are so shallow and undeveloped - - you do n't care what happens to the characters . so i 'll tell you and then you wo n't have to finish watching the film : they kill each other . my advice- - skip it 
camera neg 752.txt i agree with reviewer steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . the paper works says the " may " focus down to 35' . maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . i am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . and no , the rubber eye caps absolutely will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses ( like me ) . scot 
dvd pos 410.txt i saw wirey spindell in theater in new york , and i thought itwas awesome ! i had never heard of it before , but it is a trueendorsement of indie films . if you love laughing , you 'll love this movie . i loved devin matthews-johnson and eric mabius too , they 're both so cute 
books pos 397.txt this was the first roberts novel i read . words cannot describe how much i enjoyed it . i 've read and / or listened to 50 since . you ca n't go wrong . her storys are original , her characters are strong and well developed . 
camera pos 385.txt this camera is perfect for me i have a [...] an a [...] an it always seems there doing something ide like to catch on film . this camcorder is small enough that some days i have it in my jacket pocket an the instant on makes it really easy to catch them moments that are usually gone by the time you get them big cameras out of the bag an ready to go . also it can extract a still picture out of a video clip so them candid shots are never missed . the settings for this camera are really easy to understand an use . it takes really good video 's an pictures although ive not taken alot of still pictures because i like to extract that perfect picture out of a video clip . this camera takes video cards so your not always downloading onto your pc . ive got a few 2 gig cards so ive always have one in the camera ready to go . the battery does not last a long time so i recommend a couple extra , there pretty cheep here on amazon an it usually takes one battery to download onto pc if you have it hooked up to your pc for any lengh of time . i dont know anything about camera 's an how they work i just like to take the pictures an so far this has been the easiest camera / camcorder ive seen 
health pos 479.txt i love this book light ! it has survived countless drops to the hardwood floor by me and my 2 year old . it works great with hardback and paperback books . this is by far the best book light i have ever used 
camera neg 333.txt i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying " cheese " . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $200 purchase i 've made 
health pos 419.txt i used this while breastfeeding my son...and while i only had one issue of chapping , it was a lifesaver . i loved it then and have used it on several other things since..great on chapped hands , lips etc. but i do n't know what i would have done without this wonder creme . and it 's an essential baby gift that i tend to give at showers ! 
camera neg 557.txt i 'm not a good photographer but use my cameras for vacation / backpacking pictures . the p3 was the fourth point and shoot nikon camera my family has owned . one of the previous cameras had the lens quit woking probably because it got some dirt in it . on the p3 the lens extends out pretty far when the camera is turned on . i accidently dropped it from about 30 " off the ground when it was only a few days old . it landed on the back but flipped over on to the lens . the outer ring of the lens ended up crooked and would not retract or focus . i sent it back to nikon and as i expected they said the repair would not be covered by warranty . they charged $162.50 to fix it . mastercard has a program called " purchase assurance " that will hopefully cover the repair cost ! the other night i saw a commercial on tv for an olympus camera that could be dropped from 5 feet , get wet , or even frozen down to 14 degrees f and still take pictures . i wish i had seen that ad first . the nikon takes great pictures but is way too fragile for a small point and shoot camera . not buying nikon anymore . 
health neg 883.txt i purchased these but had to return them . while the molded strap is adjustable , it only opens up approx . 1 " . the magnetic attachment worked well but if your head is 23.5 " or larger around - at the eyebrows , forget it , these will not fit you 
health pos 701.txt i 'm a vain , 39 year old male and started using this product ( in combination with another highly regarded anti-wrinkle product ) about three months ago . this daily application replaced a daily application of facial conditioner / moisturizer . i was hoping some barely noticable forehead wrinkles would go away . no such luck . i notice a definite reduction in wrinkle depth in the morning , before i shower , but by mid-day , the wrinkles have returned to their normal state . does this really work ? ! i suppose the only way to truly find out if this stuff works is to use it on only half the face and see the effect over time . in all fairness , i must mention that my face now routinely feels softer and smoother and less oily than before . that 's why i rated this product a four instead of a three . but the frickin ' wrinkles are still there ! let me see all that clinical research all these skin care experts are touting . 
software pos 705.txt i was using other internet security programs in the past . all had their pros and cons . i decided to switch to pc-cillin 2006 home security pack and it is the best available ! . it has both virus and spyware protections built in . the scanning is quick and the updates are easy to get . plus this home security 3 pack is able to be installed on 3 computers , a bargain . all in all i am sold on this easy to use and comprehensive software product . i highly recommend this product to all ! amazon.com as usual had the best price 
software pos 933.txt my husband is using the rosetta stone spanish program and loves it 
software neg 285.txt used norton antivirus the last 3 years . getting product in tax software promotions . no problems until i installed 2007 6 days ago , when my system became really slow and then i was unable to access the internet . since their customer service phone number is not in the user guide but buried in their website , i was thankful my husband 's laptop was available . the first rep became exasperated when his scripted suggestions did not resolve my problem after 1.25 hours and tersely told me he was sending me an email file that would solve my problems . i had identified it was the worm protection causing the problem so i turned that off , accessed the file and ran it . my computer updated twice with no change - if the worm protection was on , i was n't going to be able to access the internet . worked up my patience and called that evening , only to hold for 48 minutes . finally got another native of india who spoke english worse than the first guy . at one point , we were waiting on a restart and i asked her a question about the computer being slower with the 2007 version and she responded , " ok , yes " . long story short , i hung up an hour later with a link for an update to the 2007 product which i was assured would solve the problem and an email address for her manager . during these two calls , the software was uninstalled , reinstalled , and tested and i spent several hours using the online support . i updated the product and it worked for a couple hours . then i was right back where i began , unable to access the internet unless i turned off the worm protection . i started the day with 360 days remaining on my subscription but once i updated , the protection center now says my subscription is expired . when i check my norton account online , it shows i have almost a year remaining before expiration and all their tips to update the proection center have pathetically failed . sent an email to the management address i was given , but of course , have n't heard anything . i am uninstalling this product and will never use norton again . 
dvd neg 914.txt when i first purchased the low-budget movie named " pranks " , i did n't really know what to expect . after all , " pranks " is a slasher / horror movie from the 80s , a very fertile period for such movies and time period which quite honestly produced some pretty good slasher and horror movies in general...unfortunately , after viewing " pranks " , i can honestly say that this is not one of them . " pranks " is about a group of college kids who are staying on campus over the holidays preparing a building which is going to be torn down i think ( herein lies another problem in that it is very difficult to understand what is going on in this movie because the acting is so poor ) . obviously , most kids have gone home for christmas and new year 's except for this group of kids and one " weird " kid who ostensibly becomes the lead suspect as gruesome murders begin to occur . the murders remain largely unbeknownst to the characters in the movie , so the director and screenplay writer wanted to give the audience information to which the main characters are not privileged . the plot is decent enough although the execution is formulaic / generic and lacks luster throughout the film . one of the reasons for this is the pathetic acting we see in this movie , which really overshadows any kind of merit this movie is able to produce as a horror movie . there is no question that " pranks " is a low budget production to begin with and along with that , there is going to be some subpar acting , but the acting in " pranks " is borderline-awful ! ! it is this acting and poor direction that really makes it difficult for the tasteful horror movie viewer to stay interested . in fact , the movie comes off very generic in style and substance , and rather predictable and boring . the only thing that is even remotely interesting are the kills which are n't too bad considering the era in which this movie came out from . the director does use some weak misdirection to attempt to keep the audience guessing as to who the killer is , but the savy horror movie audience can clearly identify the " weird guy " as a " red herring " as another reviewer put it . in summary , " pranks " is a poorly executed attempt at a horror movie which suffers from terrible acting , extremely poor production values and flawed direction . the result is a dull , boring and weak horror movie with a few decent kills...certainly nothing to write home about . also , as a final note , the actor who plays the killer does a terrible job and comes off , in the end at least , like a total wuss 
dvd neg 8.txt a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n't so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n't know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as " well-worn , " which seems to be a euphemism for " shop-worn , " " clich , " or " stupefyingly unoriginal . " here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir 's greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n't up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it 's dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there 's something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : " as it is in heaven " was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we 're used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what 's going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the kttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that- -cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : - - daniel 's love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; - - the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; - - the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives- -who represents violence and what to do about it ; - - the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film 's symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it 's about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity / goodness / wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n't we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is " best boy , " a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they 've been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in " there 's something about mary , " or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of " the o.c. " run , do n't walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n't forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis- -vis the usa : kitsch is global . 
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack 
dvd neg 985.txt i 'm not a fan of stephen king film adaptations . the only one i like is carrie bec it was directed by brian depalma and featured terrific performances by sissy spacek and piper laurie . cujo is boring and not all that suspenseful . i could n't wait for it to end . not worth purchasing . okay as a rental 
health pos 126.txt my grandfather found a vial of old spice in his navy kit when he joined in 1943. he continued using it after the war and my father picked it up when he himself came of age . i began shaving about ten years ago and choice was obvious : old spice is conservative and masculine , distinct and time-honored . it 's not a trend ; it 's a statement of manhood . if proctor & amp ; gamble obliges , my own grandkids will be using it 
software neg 435.txt my computer was running fine until i tried to upgrade . first it took almost 2 hours to install at the last 3% it found a error and was going to roll back . well it never did . it erased everything . it went to a dos prompt . called help line and it took 3 hours to just reload . when it was done , i had no files or any of my programs on the hard drive . not only that but he said i had to install again to register . it takes forever to install . took forever to get in touch with someone , they were in nova scotia , and i still do not have a working computer . i have to try and get a recover program to get my files back . i recommend staying away from this product for upgrades . 
music neg 451.txt eric reed is a monster pianist . under the right circumstances , he could record a christmas album that would become an instant classic . this , however , is an unfortunate example of what happens when an overconfident artist tries to do everything himself . reed produced and arranged this album himself . probably if he had hired an objective producer , that producer would have told him to hire an arranger . reed 's arrangements are second-rate . his version of " santa claus is coming to town " has been downshifted into a parody that serves as the worst example of an annoying trend : reed attempts to put a fresh twist on nearly every song . it 's an admirable goal , but he does n't have what it takes ; and the result is like a restaurant that serves hamburgers with a knife and fork , and swordfish crumbled over salad . it just does n't work . i hope this is n't the last christmas album from eric reed . he 's one of the truly original voices of his generation ; and with his gospel background and feel for the blues , there 's no doubt in my mind he could record an album that would rival " a charlie brown christmas . " but this is n't it . he needs to hand over the reins of his next project and focus on the piano 
books neg 640.txt i have n't done this in awhile , but i do n't think i could review this piece any better than the other reviews i 've read about it . it 's pretty average , however filled with nice bits of knowledge . they did n't seem well-researched in some areas . here are the interesting parts of reviews from the other " critics " that i agree with.. . " they go into lengthy history lessons about the origins of the characters when two sentences...would be enough . " - john gallant " biased against superheros ( sic ) " - christopher ritter " i found this book to be tedious , lacking in charm , badly researched and wildy inaccurate in some areas . " - c.p. halliday " i picked up this book . " - lawrance m. bernabo " their belief seems to be that donald duck was the best comic book ever.. . " - m.g. bloedorn " pretty boring . " - bernardz " ...a black hole is hypothesized , lending a faint respectability to the premise behind green lantern 's abilities . " - peter vinton jr. " ...this book will not satisfy full on fans.. . " - james n . simpson & lt ; - --gave it five stars . " a chance to laugh about the heroes i still love and that mean so much to me . " - reviewer " man , there 's a whole 200 pages of this pooh-poohing , cranky-old-maid kind of stuff ! " - mark alfred " they were even putting words into c . darwin 's mouth . " - aaron spriggs " mildly entertaining but not great " - reviewer " when the man ( dean koontz in this case ) writing the introduction says he does n't read comics , i began to get worried . " - ivan a . wolfe " i agree with an earlier poster . " - reviewer " almost every chapter tells you why the superhero is impossible . " plastic larry " the authors give us a more plausible ( given what we know now ) origin for the hulk , involving steroids and fluorescent gene modification . " - j . draper carlson " this book is not mean spirited or nasty . " reviewer " superman 's powers break the laws of science . ooh . stop the presses . " - [...] " interesting . " - rick hunter " the science of superheroes , " - reviewer 
music pos 548.txt this is one of his older cds , but one of my favorites . the music is smooth and wonderful to listen to . great cd after a long day or to play on a special night 
books pos 101.txt in this fully illustrated and remarkably brief book , hawking provides an overview of the state of theoretical physics at the dawn of the 21st century . the often dense text is supplemented by biographical details , witty asides , and ( especially ) luxuriously reproduced introductions . hawking covers a lot of territory in 200 pages ; he hopes to provide brief , non-intimidating summaries of recent concepts and new frontiers in science . there is astonishingly little text , and at times the pithiness , compactness , and occasional " cuteness " may work against readers ' understanding ; there 's perhaps too much shell and not enough nut here . some sections are so cursory that i suspect they will fail to make any sense at all to the untutored reader . ( this is especially true of several of the passages on imaginary time , event horizons , and brane world models . ) the text is aided greatly , however , by the beautifully rendered four-color illustrations . even if the concepts presented by these drawings seem fuzzy at first , the creativity and humor fused into moonrunner design 's artwork will attract , engage , and occasionally tease readers who might otherwise be frightened by the sight of a quadratic equation . overall , then , the book might have far more value as a refresher course for the beginner rather than as an introduction for the uninitiated . yet it 's certainly conceivable that somebody new to this material might be intrigued enough to explore these subjects further . if you 're looking for a book that will flesh out the concepts presented here , i strongly recommend ( as does hawking ) alan guth 's " the inflationary universe " or brian greene 's " the elegant universe . 
music neg 293.txt this was one of the most dissappointing debut albums to come out of the mid nineties g-funk heyday . warren g . did n't even produce one song on this sorry attempt at making hard / soft gangsta rap except for the title track that was already used on his album a year before . the skits are ridiculous , the music is halfass , and the lyrics are amateur . there is absolutely nothing that keeps the listener 's attention for a whole album . this is similar to other west coast rap albums that play it too safe such as w.c. and the madd circle 's debut and coolio 's " it takes a thief " . one star for the hit single " summertime in the l.b.c. " . 
camera pos 338.txt pros : - reduces flare and ghosting when shooting in bright light . - helps protect your lens from dirt and scratches . - somewhat protects the lens in case of a fall . better to break the hood than the front element . - makes you look more like you know what you are doing and helps to keep others from carelessly walking in front of you . cons : - will increase lens movement in windy situations , kind of like a sail on a boat . - takes up more room in your bag , even when reversed they still add to the diameter of the lens . - people take more notice of you , will help to blow your cover if you are trying to keep a low profile 
music pos 842.txt the coltrane soundscapes that this cd is infused flies to the mountain and back again , that 's the truth , but one troubling question for me remains ; no matter how much i enjoy this fusion incarnation by masters ( new & old ) - where in the world is alan holdsworth ? if any fusion guitar player has the rightful title claim to the coltrane moniker - it 's holdsworth . for years he 's been building the bridge between the good old philosophies and the new world order . including holdsworth would have just been the jazziest thing to do . 
dvd pos 796.txt either you get on the train or you don't ... and as long as you continue to get on the train , you 'll grasp the meaning of christmas . the true meaning of christmas . but you have to be willing to get on . this movie was a great adaptation of the classic story . i must admit i was a tad bit wigged out by the animation . it was just oogey in some ways . realistic at times and , at other times , so unbelievably fake.. . i could n't decide if i liked the animation or not . still can't . but the story itself is worth the struggle i had with the animation . get on board ! you 'll be glad you did . 
dvd pos 515.txt mathau and lemon are very funny and no wonder they continued to make other movies together like " grumpy old men . " the plot line is straighforward but their acting and character sketch makes it truly entertaining and captures their classic relationship . 
dvd neg 848.txt i would love to provide a review of this dvd , however since i 've not received it , despite having placed my order in august ( it 's now november ) and having written to amazon customer service about the matter ( as yet unanswered ) i 'm afraid any review will have to wait 
books pos 19.txt i must say my first reaction was to be surprised at how much better hawking is at explaining modern physics than my college instructors were . heisenberg 's uncertainty principle was just an equation i learned . hawking made it seem like common sense . hawking tries a little too hard to be witty at times ( and punctuates all of his jokes with exclamation points ! just in case you missed them ! ) , but all-in-all , this was a quite readable account of what 's presently known about cosmology . i use the term " presently " guardedly , as just recently there was some big finding about dark matter ( it exists ! ) , but from now on , when there are new findings in physics , i want hawking to explain them to me , because i feel like then i might understand them . that 's why you should read this book . the reason you should not read this book is because you have no interest in wrestling with abstractions with which you will never interact in daily life , and would rather read about global warming or darfur or something a bit more topical and practical . this was still a hard read , and i feel like i grasped maybe 80% of it . for you to decide , but for a former engineering student , this was something i wish i had read when i was taking physics 
books neg 834.txt i must agree with some other reviewers of this book , and say that it is a very dry list of factual data , interspersed with bill wyman 's moans and boasts . his gripe with allan klein about money seems to be quite valid , but he mentions it about a thousand times . mick and keith get quite a pasting - again it seems quite valid , but do we need to hear it so many times ? bill opines that keith richard 's voice is weak and that his own songs were ignored by the band . listen to his only self-penned stones track of the 60s , on & quot ; satanic majesties&quot ; , and you will conclude that this is quite a self delusion - his voice is far weaker , and his songwriting at that time was also inferior . the book seems to be more authoritative on dates , but we can only take bill 's accuracy on faith . my knowledge of the stones is not enormous , but even i can see some big factual errors . for example he tells us that neither taj mahal nor marianne faithfull recorded songs for the & quot ; rock n roll circus&quot ; . a recent re-issue has proved him completely wrong . as another reviewer rightly said , marianne faithfull 's autobiog is a much better read 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
music neg 970.txt id advise not to buy the album . listening to it is like contacting gonorrhea . trust me ive done both 
camera pos 655.txt if you use the viewfinder instead of the lcd field , it does not appear on the lcd , you can only see it through the viewfinder . this is different from previous models . minor annoyance . the quality of the videos was surprisingly good , but it saves them in the quicktime .mov format . mov is not my favorite format , but perhaps others will not be bothered by this . although i had heard that the color on kodaks is not natural , i have found it to be excellent . the overall quality of the pictures is good . for the price , i think this is a very good value and adequate for most casual photographers . 
health neg 369.txt you were kind enough to replace my first order of these razors due to the fact that one never worked and the other wore out quickly . the second pair seems to be pretty much the same . one sputs and spurts and the other works only when i shake and tap it several times . i used to own another brand of these razors that were great , but i ca n't recall the name , unfortunately . i am very disappointed in the product , but i 'm very satisfied with amazon and the way in which they are trying to please me every way they can 
music pos 320.txt this album was so good to hear when it came out . i like every song on here but my favorites are " still dre " , " the watcher " , " xxplosive " , " what 's the difference " and " forget about dre . those are my favorites but there a lot of other songs that people will like . recommend this album highly to rap fans . buy this album you have nothing to loose because its dre one of the best producers in the game right now so click on add to cart and be happy you hearing this classic 
camera neg 702.txt i bought this product from a nearby retailer . the packaging is deceptive . the photoframe must be plugged into an external power source or you must buy a uniquely designed battery from the manufacturer . the battery is $35.00 with shipping , and it is poorly designed so that when installed the battery case rubs the connector wiring . this frame has no on-board memory , so to use it you must have one of the two types of memory it accepts . this is an additional expense . after purchasing the photoframe i discovered the plastic frame was chipped and the device did not perform as the instructions said it should . i took it back to the store and opened eight boxes before i found one which had an unbroken frame . i took that photoframe home and discovered the device would not work as the instructions described . i then went to another of the retailers ' locations to exchange the device ( the original location had shipped their entire inventory back to the manufacturer ) . with the retailer 's very helpful clerks i tested three more photoco photoframe devices , none of them worked as described ( they would not scroll through and album of photos ) . i returned the item to the retailer and received a full refund for the device , then by email i requested a refund for the price of the battery . photoco replied that if i sent them the battery they would refund its price . i mailed the battery on may 6 , and then inquired about my refund on may 14. photoco replied that the only employee who could process the refund was out sick . on 3 / 17 i sent an email demanding immediate processing of my refund . photoco said that my credit had been processed but that i might not see the credit for 7 to 10 days . i still have not received my credit for the battery . if you want to avoid a headach , avoid doing business with this company . read the other reviews before considering this product 
health neg 961.txt while the memory foam in this pillow is of good quality and the craftsmanship seems equally good , this pillow is too small to do an adult much good . it is much smaller than you might think and will not serve its intended purpose . it could be perfect perhaps for a child 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
music pos 464.txt as one of the founding fathers of today 's heavy metal rock music , iron butterfly has them power , drive , and sound that made them unique in the world of rock music . this live album serves as a testament to that fact . eventhough the recordings of live concerts from the late 1960 's through the mid 1980 's was primative at best ( by today 's standards ) , this live recording of iron butterfly captures most of the groups best music durring their prime as a chart-topping group of that era . this is a " must-have " for all iron butterfly fans 
health pos 356.txt dr. scholl 's foot cream was excellent . it 's a rich overnight foot cream with a pleasant smell . my feet felt softer in the morning after using it at night and i noticed a difference immediately in my dry , cracked heels . i also ended up using it on my hands and elbows before i went to bed . especially my hands were really soft in the morning . i 've tried other foot creams and not been really impressed . but i think the difference is that dr. scholl 's has no alcohol in it , and it 's really rich so you can actually feel the moisture in your skin 
camera neg 490.txt it seems as if every time i want to use the camera , the battery is dead . i find that if i charge it and try to use it the next day , i should expect very much . i 'm going to purchase a new battery and see how that goes , but i should n't have to do so 
camera pos 432.txt i bought this for my mother-in-law who is in her 80s and set it up for her . it 's quite easy if you 're already computer literate , and the controls are very user friendly as well . the software could use a few tweaks to make it not look so basic , but for someone like my mother-in-law , it works well . wish i had a docking station for my nikon . 
dvd pos 930.txt the muppets take manhattan will keep your children imused from the very begining . the music in cordination with the muppets of all different kinds keep the minds of young children going at all times . i would recomend this movie would be great for children starting at age 2.5 and older 
music pos 38.txt i just want to put it out there...audra mcdonald is an absolute genious . everything she touches turns to gold , and i just want to smack some of you for saying that she failed in her attempt to make a great record . this may not be the audra that we are used to , but if you listen closely she 's near by . so this cd is a little less difficult vocally . so what ? my favorite quality of ms. mcdonald 's is that she is emotionally connected to whatever she is singing . she could record twinkle twinkle little star and i would want to listen to it over and over again because she tells a story . so if you buy this cd , listen to it more than once . let it grow on you . let audra do her thang children . let her do her thang . 
music neg 310.txt after reading her excellent halloween book , i figured her halloween cd would be worth owning . i always search for " different " halloween cds , but this was filled with the same old stuff . chains , moans , and spooky laughs.. . then more chains , moans and spooky laughs . very dissapointing 
books neg 76.txt just wanted to quickly say i have n't finished it yet , i am only on page 20 but already this book seems very overrated . the author dives straight in talking about going beyond the five senses to achieve spiritual consciousness , but this is nothing new and we are not even given any background on how the author developed his views . instead , he strides arrogantly forward as though he is the ultimate , conclusive authority on spirituality , and it 's very aloof and , actually , not an enlightened approach at all ! i 've just started the chapter on karma and it 's really starting to smell like just another mish mash of other people 's opinions clothed as quasi-originality . it looks like i 'm going to continue reading with a very cautious , vetting attitude toward the text . the fact that this was a bestseller only serves to show how genuinely interested people are to develop their spiritual consciousness - and how easily authors such as zukav can cash in on their hopes and fears . hey , that 's the material world for you ! 
health pos 153.txt i just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday , i was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - i was surprised because i had n't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air , when i realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry . like seventh generation 's lavender laundry detergent , i love this product - if you use them in tandem , not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender ( not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products ) , but they come out clean and soft . i especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it 's gentle enough to use on my baby 's clothes , too ! i love that it 's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil . it 's also safe for my septic system , so i 'm sold on this product . if you 're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or ca n't find one that smells good to you , try this one ! 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
dvd neg 707.txt i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring " obsessed " was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again . 
dvd neg 409.txt my boyfriend and i went to this movie we both hated it . it was really pathetic . perhaps the fact that we actually know men who are engineers and physicsts who are like this is part of it . yeah there are people who cannot interact with women or people . it is pathetic . i would feel sorry for anywoman dating this man or any man like this because they lack confidence and are so hard to deal with . low self esteem . do you want to see a pathetic portion of the population yeah this is them there are actually people like this . perhaps it is funny , but just do not be around one of these people in reality . it is a painful reminder of how screwed up they are . not all men are virgins like this man , but some might as well be because they have no clue about women . they do not know how to open a door or hold a hand . 
health pos 222.txt exactly what i wanted.. . works perfectly.. . the flosser at the bottom the head of the toothbrush is great at getting between the teeth . charges quickly and is convien 
music neg 714.txt i like a little bit of it , doesent mean its good , i wont throw it away or anything , ill just let it sift...wait...and look at the album cover most of the time . slayer is getting better though 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
software neg 582.txt the game disk does not run on my laptop . but it will play it on my desktop computer . very annoying , but at least i can play ( other reviewers have not been so lucky ) . the game has some good questions and i enjoy testing my friends knowledge . the game itself is rather simple and not totally fun . the " game board " is the outside of the friends ' apartment building . when you get a question right a window lights up . when you get one wrong a window dims . if you do n't answer the question nothing happens . you win when all the windows on that floor are lit up . i would prefer that they make you answer all questions - none of this passing on a question - it would up the ante and perhaps add some excitement . if you play a multi-player game you cannot select which letter is your buzzer and the letters assigned by the game designers are adjacent keys on the keyboard ! it 's silly for the two players to be huddled together , hovering over the same part of the keyboard when the designers could have selected other letter keys set further apart . there are some video clips and still images accompanying the questions , but it 's mostly a trivia game without visual aids or embellishments . think trivial pursuit with a computer screen as the cards . this game was a gift . if i had to do it over again i 'd probably spend my money instead on scene it ! friends edition . as of right now , scene it ! friends edition is on sale at circuit city for the same price as this game is on amazon . ( and though i have n't played it , the reviews of that game are much better than this one ) . 
dvd pos 418.txt this film is a must-see for any dancer . the clips used to showcase different types of dancing in film are creatively woven together and the commentary is very informative . many famous scenes from the old mgm musicals to the water spray scene in flashdance are used to illustrate how diversified dancing in films can be . for ballet dancers , there is a portion devoted solely to ballet in films which is hosted by mikhail baryshnikov . scenes of rudolph nureyev leaping through the air compliment this section as well as scenes from various ballets . liza minelli hosts the broadway inspirational portion which is shorter in length . i only saw this film once but i feel that it is a must-own selection for any dancer 
books neg 109.txt though the concept of sharing real life problems experienced during pregnancy is a great one , the author is extremely biased toward hospital birth managed by obs . at one point , the author actually defends episiotomies.. . she seems to blindly accept every procedure her physician pushes upon her , and she looks at him as being responcible for the outcome of her birth . it was both infuriating and saddening . if you are looking for a book to make you laugh a little , this is cute . if you are looking for a book that might actually aid or assist you in making informed choices concerning your pregnancy or birth , this is not for you ! 
software pos 584.txt it 's exactly what i wanted to buy : complete collection of ultimate x-men . i do n't mind scrolling up and down on my laptop in order to see the whole picture . the ads were kind of annoying though . i just hope marvel puts all the other x-men series on cds like this 
health neg 857.txt first of all i was very disappointed when i received my waterpik cf-203c cascadia showerhead . it is all plastic ! i do not recall seeing that anywhere in the product specs . i thought when i oredered a chrome finish that it was some form of metal . sedondly , even with the head made of plastic , the plasic flexible hose is not strong enough to support it . we could not use it because the hose would just hang there and spray the wall . we installed it repeatedly , following each step of the instructions every time , thinking we were missing something . i eventually returned the showerhead to amazon 
dvd pos 668.txt i was like the previous reviewer . i had rented it and after watching it the first time , purchased it before i had even returned the rental ! i loved the content , it gives one hope and a small glimpse into what lies beyond our human experience . how lovely to know that there is a life we can barely imagine , waiting to be returned to . and i did n't learn this fact from the video , i have been studying this subject for many years and already believe , no i know , that there is more that lies beyond this brief stay on earth . this video illustrates it so beautifully with people who have had a glimpse into that wonderful place that is our true home . people who are dying yet unafraid as they are being shown what is yet to come . my own mother saw her mother as she died . she came to take her home . there is no specific religion addressed here , only the fact that there is more to life than living and dying . and that it is something to be totally unafraid of . in fact physical death is only the beginning of something great ; it is a step in the evolution of our souls 
music neg 281.txt i am a 23 yr old mother of a 2 1 / 2 yr old . not only are these children horrible singers , but there is a reason that most parents do n't let their children listen to the original songs.. . they teach them things they do n't need to know . i thought this would be a " kids " version that would get rid of that stuff when i let a child i was babysitting put the cd on.. . and was appalled at how much they talked about sex and other innappropriate things for children . they did n't take that out ! children are exposed to that every day in our world now , telling them it is " normal " and " ok " . parents have a big enough job to teach their children right and wrong with the way the world is today . it becomes a much harder job when you give them something that is for " kids " that teaches them that those things are " normal " . they assume if it is ok for a kids cd , it ca n't be that bad . i think this is horrible and would never spend a penny on it for a child ! some of the songs i like in the originial version and do listen to , and this cd has ruined them ! but when it comes to children who are too young to understand that it is just a song and does n't mean what they say is ok.. . i think it is the worst thing you could buy for your child 
dvd neg 144.txt it has been a long time since i read the novel upon which this book is based , but i do clearly remember it making sense . this movie does n't even make sense ( to quote a chicken i know ) . marlon brando somnambulizes his way through the film and , instead of coming off as sinister , menacing , and dominating , he makes dr. moreau into a joke . val kilmer 's portrayal is vacuous and silly . is the character supposed to be under the influence ? i guess he wanted it portrayed that way . the script ? is there one ? moreau talks about having almost reached his goal . where ? his one " son " and his " daughter " do have some fine traits , but both are also pretty ineffectual . several reviews have mentioned the special effects . i actually saw very few special effects . the rat-people on the boat were creepy and well-done , and some of the characters did make some superhuman moves , but mostly i saw people in very elaborate , well-done costumes , using well-distorted voices . the central character , played by david thewlis , should have been the focus of the movie , as he is the narrator . he kept getting lost in the shuffle , and i kept waiting for him to see things that i saw , and to ask the questions that i would have asked . i like him as an actor , but this is certainly not a memorably good performance . it is somewhat ironic that he is the witness to animal-human hybrid horror here , but is the werewolf in " harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban . " the film does create a sense of the nightmare . several of the characters do show glimpses of depth and genuineness , most notably ron perlman 's preacher , but then he 's well-practiced , from his " beauty and the beast " television series . that was what ( barely ) earned this film its second star . let 's vote them all off the island , and start over . robert duvall as moreau ? replace kilmer with matt damon ? casey affleck replacing david thewlis 
software pos 625.txt the item was received promptly and worked perfectly . thanks for a great purchase . bo 
software pos 380.txt i 'm an old school comic book collectors and i bought this in order to see what the technology has done with the print page . this is more about collecting the stories than it is about collecting the art- -and i still find there 's no substitute for the feel of those magical pages 
dvd neg 463.txt after i saw the first two " scary movies " i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell 
camera neg 54.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
dvd neg 411.txt a style over substance celebration of the drag queen mentality - if you enjoy misogynist bitchy dialogue being delivered by pantomime women , this movie is for you elliot 's love of drag queens overshadows the rest of this flimsy , contrived and lame narrative - clealry it 's about getting as many shots as possble of drag queen costumes against the outback setting it 's alleged stance against homophobia and plea of acceptance of difference is trite and cringeworthy if anything , this film reinforces negative stereotypes of gay men as nasty effeminate queens who are not to be taken serioulsy . sadly it 's been embraced by the same pandering gay men who think drag queens are ' camp ' and therefore funny , indicative of how off the mark they are of what defines camp ( go read susan sontag boys ) and how low ' gay culture ' as plummeted . there are plentiful nasty jokes targeting female gentilia , and a secondary racist commentary about thai women ' entrapping ' aussie men trashy and not in a good way . a must have for no brainer gay men . 
health neg 219.txt even though a set looked exactly like on a picture bare in mind that the box is about the size of a paperback , and it weighs about the same . all the bottles are realy tiny , they look like a one time use products , the once you receive for free with your purchase , and the brush quality is not what i expected from this company . if you are looking for a present you will feel rather embarassed to give it 
camera neg 435.txt i bought this camcorder 3 months ago and , after using it a grand total of 6 times , it is broken . it constantly loses track of timestamp on the tape doing things like rewinding 2 minutes ( two minutes on the counter in the display ) , refusing to rewind anymore and telling me the tape is full . it 's a 60 minute tape and it can only record 2 minutes ? ? ? i figured that was a problem with the tape so i tried another one , which seemed to work fine until i got home and tried to watch the footage . the camera counter once again became confused and the whole camera just locked up . i had to power off and on several times before finally getting the camera to rewind the tape to where i needed it to be . lastly , the mechanism for ejecting the tape broke after only one month . one last note , the support for panasonic is horrible too . you ca n't talk to a " real " person and instead have to go through an annoying robotic voice recognization " person " . i 'll never buy another panasonic product again...give me sony 
software neg 742.txt it 's a piece of junk , so save your money and some headaches . even dell technicians ca n't fix it . my new dell computer had norton ghost pre-installed with a back-up hard drive just for cloning . it sounded like a perfect setup except my norton ghost would n't work . contacted dell three times and they supposedly coordinated with norton to no avail . now i 'm stuck with saturated backup hard drive that is useless to me 
health neg 307.txt i never received this item - - nor could i get a response from the company when i asked about it . my opinion - - rip off 
camera neg 311.txt pictures do not come out very good . poor quality ! i would not recommend it 
books neg 375.txt the content of this book is adequate , but the layout leaves much to be desired . the only way to find a chapter is through the table of contents . pages are not labeled with chapter information , such as which chapter that page belongs to . the content is often broken up with cases and excercises that divide paragraphs in half . this makes it very confusing to follow the flow of the book . you can be reading along and jump into a case or excercise without knowing it and become very confused . if the authors and publishers would rework the flow of the book , i would rate it much higher 
dvd pos 617.txt i would reccomend this film to any robert johnson fan as well as to anyone just getting into the blues who wants to know where its really at . it includes some great interviews with johnny shines , robert jr lockwood and others who knew robert . its worth it just to hear lockwood play an unrecorded song of r.j. 's ! the parts where keb ' mo ' re-enacts segments from r.j. 's life are well done and effectively illustrate what life would have been like back then for a traveling bluesman . my only criticism would be that there are few extra dvd features , however , that does n't stop me watching this film again and again ! a very informative insight into the life of one of the greatest delta bluesmen 
software neg 443.txt very limited photo touch up . when it comes time to burn you might as well have customer service on the phone . pretty much a total piece of crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 478.txt what a great little accessory for my camera . could have used it in seattle last month , boy did it rain 
dvd neg 67.txt leeches is a terrible movie . dude , i have never seen anything so gay in my whole life ( except the director 's other film speed demon ) . when the guys were less clothes than the gals , thats not a good sign . the video shelves at a local corporate video rental store carry tons of this director 's work . they 're all filled with loads of homoeroticism . women are ugly and they were single piece bathing suits whilst the guys wear banana hammocks . the ' roided up leeches enter their " male " victims through anal orrifices . after watching about a half hour of this mess i had to turn it off . why does this guy fool people into renting these movies . i do n't mind gay subtext in films but when it takes over the film and hits you over the head with it then it 's time to draw the line . no hetro relationships in this one . just the director molesting his male stars with his camera . horrible stuff , stay away from david decoteau 's work and his fifty different aliases ( unless you know what you 're in for ) 
camera pos 115.txt it 's a pretty convinient bag.i put a canon rebel xt with a tamron 28-75 lens , a canon 70-300 lens and a external flash inside and i still have the small pocket for wallet , keys etc. the only drawback of this bag is , you can not put in big lenses.the canon 70-300 is the limit.but if you only have a limited gear collection , you need to give it a try 
software neg 779.txt i just input all the information for my return and this software has me owing over $8000. by my calculations i 'm owed a refund of $150-200. it is not taking federal income tax already paid from annuities into account . back to the calculator for me 
dvd pos 41.txt brando can sing ! ! guys and dolls is proof . one of the all time great musicals and the biggest box office hit of 1955 , has brando as the main lead and he is ably supported by the voice - sinatra . now only a mad man will say that brando is a better singer than sinatra , but to give brando his due he sang well and carried of the role brilliantly...like wise only a mad man will say sinatra is a better actor than brando . guys and dolls is a very important film in brando 's career . it is the first light hearted movie he made . all his movies before this were heavy dramatic stuff . this is the first movie where brando is having fun and what fun it was . great songs , great acting and great stars...guys and dolls is 4 star entertainment all the way . brando and simmons along with sinatra and blaine are amazing . 
music pos 952.txt i first heard dan singing background vocals on the jackson browne album " late for the sky " . i was 16. i went out and bought this album ( which i still have ! ! ) even though i had never heard it . i had the pleasure of seeing dan open for the eagles at the spectrum in support of this album in phila , in 1974 ; i was a junior in high school . they all joined in on " best of my love " and it just blew mw away . he had this really interesting piece of cloth on his piano . few people had heard of him prior to this album . this is by far his best album . it is more rock and roll than the rest of his sappy later work in the 80 's and a true songwriting gem . i can remember singing " morning sky " in my friend 's ford on the way to school . you have to listen to it over and over. . " someone 's been tellin ' you stories " had a sly sexual rhyme in it that was not played on radio at that time . the musicianship on this album only serve to enhance the quality of the songwriting . this was the most raw of dan 's albums , and by ar , the most superior . sadly , dan is now fighting advanced prostate cancer ( check out his website ) . let 's hope he will make a full recovery and record and tour again soon . this is a must have for anyone who is a fan of any 1970 's rock and roll . 
dvd pos 593.txt i really liked this movie . i thought it was a great super hero movie that had some humor built into it . it was well told and the characters were well developed . the special effects were great too ! ! i am not one for comic book heros , but this one confinced me otherwise . i recommend this movie to anyone that wants to see a good over evil story that was orginally a comic book character . 
software pos 865.txt i am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product i am very satisfied . i love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . i have only used it for a month now and i still have to use some of the applications yet . if you have the money and will love to have a new office suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it 
music neg 301.txt is n't wearing your ancestry on your sleeve so blatantly and in such a predictable fashion just a 21st century version of al jolson ? the problem with so many new-traditionalist artists is that they lessen rather than deepen the understanding of the complexity and diversity of the celebrated cultural groups experience . hippies and white liberals love it , but where does that leave those that are living it ? far better capturing the latina experience are julietta venegas , south of the border , and east la 's lysa flores , north of the border 
camera pos 630.txt its a cable , it works , what else do you want ? i know its not the cheapest one out there , but this one says " sony " on it . yea ! ! but , i am a true believer that you only get what you pay for . im sure its better quality than the five dollar version at the flea market . who knows , but i sure feel all warm and fuzzy about getting quality sony products . 
software neg 588.txt the product is great , calling tech support is a task though . intuit outsources thier call centers overseas and it is difficult to communicate with thier support people by telephone . if this product was n't preffered by my cpa i would never buy it ever again . boycott companies that outsource to other countries , keep our jobs at home ! 
software pos 277.txt impressed with the way it clears out viruses , spyware , and trojans- --i can look at what it 's doing or just let it do it . that all goes well . what i do n't like is it requires a password for everything even my usual automatic sign-me-in sites and i ca n't figure how to change this . so the instructions are not as specific as would be helpful 
camera neg 534.txt unfortunately i had to return the unit because it was not designed to be used on a mac 10.4 program ( the tech at the company said he was not aware it was meant to be used by a mac . 
books neg 656.txt for the most part , the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book 's printing , but for anyone who wants to read this book on purely scientific terms , be warned ; there are several places where the book goes awry , for example : the author states that tracks of tyrranosaurus indicate that it was a solitary animal , occasionally hunting in pairs . problem : no tracks of a t . rex have been discovered to date , a decade and a half after the writing . aside from that and a few other points , though , the book is good reading 
software pos 951.txt i have been aware of naturallyspeaking for over 15 years . we initially utilized this software to assist people with severe disabilities such as cerebral palsy to be able to have basic commands understood . more recently five years ago i bought edition 4.0. i found it to be frustrating when ever there was any background noise so i basically quit using it . when i saw the 8.0 being advertised as the voice recognition software specifically for a small business atmosphere , i thought i would try it one more time . being a slow typist it has truly changed my life for the better . only 45 minutes were required to set up the speech-recognition files when the occasional mistakes occur during dictation if you correct those and change those right at that time , i never see that same misunderstanding happening again . i have recommended it to two friends who are buying it . it really does allow you to sit back in your chair relax , drink your coffee and dictate reports , answer e-mail or whenever it is you might need to do . i ca n't think of any $70 expenditure that has given me so much back in such a short time . i almost always have my headset on when i 'm in front of the computer because anything that involves typing or entering data i used the dragondictate to do 
health neg 717.txt it makes glasses stain . and i return it within 1 week 
music neg 889.txt i 'm a hardcore lynch fan and find this album a big dissapointment . i like his older season of da sicc style nott this new stuff . in one song they 're talking about louie vitton , thats not the lynch i kno 
health pos 501.txt i love this product . i have thick hair and the ceramic plates are very wide wich allow you to staighten your hair quickly . does an awesome job 
camera pos 251.txt the case is great ! it fits the camera perfectly and is exactly what i expected to receive when ordering . the price was right but the shipping was a little higher than i expected 
books neg 365.txt mr. shirley sneaks into iran , hiding in the box of a truck , where he should have stayed . he spends 3 or 4 days in iran , most of it trying not to be seen . he walks around for a few hours . he speaks to 3 or 4 truckdrivers , 2 or 3 shopkeepers , and a few assorted others , from which he assembles a complete picture and understanding of the political and social infrastructure of iran . along the way he explains , on just about every other page , how the cia is a complete failure in every facet of it 's existence , how all the career people in it 's employ are arrogant idiots who are devoid of all compassion and intellect . he explains each of the cia 's mistakes , along with his explanation of what they ought to have done . he is , of course , ex cia himself , having left it because no one there understood anything about anything 
camera pos 483.txt got this camera because a friend had a similar one . the blue tooth feature is just great . you need a memory card to make if you want to take video 's and store a lot of photos . the video 's are not bad and pretty remarkable for a camera this size . all in all a great buy 
music neg 74.txt this was not as good as i had hoped and half of it is too slow to listen to while i am working out but the rest is good . 
music pos 517.txt the best r&b band ever ! ! ! i know some will disagree with me , but this is the band that really rock my boat . i mean , they were awesome and it was n't forced or fake . the rawness of their funk is sooo addictive that you will never put this cd down . i am in the process of getting all their cds , but this one is a great way to be introduce to their music 
music neg 699.txt on the liner notes to one of the two blues albums ( i think it is shaker ) it is said that the original idea was just to perform some of these songs in a one night concert . that should have been as far as it went . to foist these songs on an unsuspecting public at 19 bucks a crack is highway robbery . if these are blues songs , then i am robert johnson 's illegitimate son . " death letter " is good , maybe even great , but cannot compare to the original or to any of the covers i have previously heard . the rest is a waste of time . the cover art is excellent but hardly the reason you would be expected to buy the cd . these are my first 2 reviews by the way , but all these 5-star reviews for both cd 's finally got me motivated . go buy a muddy waters or lightning hopkins cd and save 10 bucks in the bargain 
camera neg 781.txt i bought this camera based on an older 3mp version a friend of mine has that i liked . the older model is far superior . this camera is slow to focus , slow to shoot , and slow to save . i took 5 pictures in a row of the same thing in the same lighting condition ( indoor , medium light ) on the automatic setting , all 5 pictures turned out different , only one turned out clear . i returned it the next day and bought a cannon that i am very happy with 
software pos 78.txt i am enjoying this new card shop they have refreshing great cards others do not . my friends and family that i have made cards for think they are the best also . keep making more and more . thank 
dvd pos 963.txt i bought this dvd because i was getting sick of the other dvd 's that claim to be pilates workouts . this pilates work out is very imformative and very beneficial . i am actually seeing results from this workout after only 3 weeks . karen also keeps you motivated to continue . not to mention the benefit of getting two 50 minute workouts for the price of one . beware that you need a resist-a-ring for one of the workouts though , and those can be difficult to find . great , great workout and i would recommend it to anyone 
dvd pos 67.txt i thought the movie was great ! nothing like the gospel to me ! ! do n't compare ! billoah is sexy baby ! he played zulu ! ! ( pretty eyes ) the movie was very funny also and taught a lesson in love ! ! ! 5 star movie ! ! **** 
dvd pos 739.txt this is a good introduction to many off the beaten paths of america . in fact , the real star of the show , asie from the ubiquitous red ford taurus , is the scenery of america itself . the camera and narrator takes the viewers to many places that have unique characteristics . unfortunately there is no interaction with the locals so we do not get a truely complete coverage of each scene , but the point of the series is to give a " reader 's digest " view of places people can visit . but excellent photography and the knack for finding out of the way events are the hallmark of this series . each " trip " is actually a roundabout path that is really serveral " family vacations " combined into a one hour program . this is a great cure for cabin fever in the midst of a winter snowstorm 
camera neg 295.txt but the stitching was irregular on the front . i thought the company produced good products , but i was mistaken when i bought this item . next time i 'll just go to bestbuy for a camera case 
software pos 77.txt purchased for my mom to use and she loves it . she says it is easy to use and she really enjoys making personalized cards for people . if she 's happy with it , so am i 
books neg 955.txt my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it 
camera pos 342.txt i bought one of these for my canon sd-800 and can recommend it . for many years now , i 've carried canon pocket cameras on my belt while traveling and the canon-branded cases are simply the best for this purpose . my only criticism of the canon cases has been their lack of a small pocket for media . i was hoping that with the tiny size of sd cards canon would have added such a pocket to their newer cases , but they haven't . on the plus side , the case retains the superior leather construction , uses a neat magnetic tie down for the flap instead of velcro or a snap , and has a belt loop that is tight enough to hold the camera comfortably against your body . the package also includes a nice looking leather replacement strap for your camera . incidentally , the sd-800 is well matched to the case , fitting quite securely 
dvd pos 62.txt this is my favorite movie . i like it all : screenplay , director , actors , etc. believe it brilliant 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
health neg 326.txt takes forever to shave - and still does n't get everything - still have to end up shaving with a razor . frustrating - but good concept 
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever 
health pos 243.txt a very gentle undereye cream . i have used other name brands which extensively irritated my eyes and made them tear all the time . this one is definitely a keeper 
camera pos 399.txt bought this camera to replace my 35mm camera . am pleased with the trade up that i made . the shape is similar to my old film camera . thought this would make it easier to adjust to the smaller size of it . it has made the transition relatively smooth . i 'm sure there are smaller cameras out there , but this one is small enough . the display is also a good size - bigger than most that i looked at . i am not a genius at computers , so i was concerned that i would need to adapt to downloading pictures from the camera to the pc . but , all i need to do is plug in the cord and click a button . very easy to follow any instructions . i did notice that the display " freezes " for a second or two after a picture is taken . this is not generally a problem for me as most pictures are posed shots . i did run into some lag time during an easter egg hunt this past weekend , but still managed to get about a dozen good shots . overall , i like the camera and only wish i had gotten up the courage to go digital sooner 
music pos 270.txt if you do not yet own dark side of the moon , wish you were here and the wall , do not even consider purchasing a momentary lapse of reason . amlor is junk by comparison . that said , very few rock albums ever made can hang with those three , and amlor certainly has its bright spots . " learning to fly " and " on the turning away " are as good as anything pink floyd has ever produced . some of the other songs are adequate , but this album does not contain the front-to-back brillance of the earlier floyd releases . it 's definitely worth having , but make sure that you have the others first . 
music neg 888.txt first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating 
camera pos 843.txt i see a lot of people have had trouble tracking baseballs with this thing . i 've owned one for 3 years and it works pretty well . i will give some tips on it : ! ! ! if you throw at a respectable speed , and do n't follow the correct procedure it will not work - there will be no reading ! ! 1 ) do n't stand behind a metal fence . the chain links with the plastic coating over them will work , but for whatever reason exposed metal interferes with the signal . 2 ) the focus beam of the radar gun is very narrow . the whole idea is to keep the beam on the ball as long as possible . just having the ball pass through the radar beam is not enough . you need to keep the beam on the ball for practically the whole pitch . 3 ) use rechargable batteries.. . and this is n't to save money . some of the better energizer rechargable are high amperage , 1350 ma and up . the gun tends to respond better to this , as its pretty power hungry . you will get more consistant readings with better batteries . non-rechargable batteries cannot provide the same level of current ( usually 850 ma or less ) , which seem to effect the gun . so , how would you properly use the gun ? one way is to stand behind the mound as the pitcher throws . forget about using it during a game , behind the backstop . it wont work . try line up the pitchers release point and the plate , then situate your gun so that it fires on this imaginary line ( connecting pitchers hand and the target . you may have to slightly change the angle of the gun to track the pitch , which can be slightly tricky . follow the ball with the gun as long as you can . for a sure fire way to clock a throw , get a cheap net and stand behind it . you will register it every time . you will also have the most accurate reading 
books pos 355.txt firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of ' single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's " feel " is anything but original . ' sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , ' single white female ' is an entertaining read . bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended 
music pos 202.txt what can i say that most of the people reviewing this cd have n't already said . arthur is outrageously talented . it 's almost shocking . the depth of songwriting and production values are so intense . it 's extremely well recorded and mixed music . anyone into audio manipulation should just buy all of his albums right now . " stumble and pain " is probably my favourite track . the sinister tone of it and the synth effects are just superb . as with all arthur albums the vocals are dense , layered , and its something he 's obviously worked on for a long time and it really pays off on this album ! anyone new to him should buy this immediatly and buy redemption 's son straight after that . what a musician 
software neg 683.txt i bought this as christmas present for my daughter who will be traveling to italy this spring as part of a college course she is taking , and she will be spending a semister there next year as well ... she just called me for school to help her resolve an error in the installation : the install reaches 100% then states it has encountered an error , and quits . it remains uninstalled and is thus far unusable . an awefully expensive piece of plastic that does nothing . as a senior software engineer i 'd have been fired for less ... the rosettastone website / knowledgebase offers no information on this 
music neg 413.txt hey ! never liked ja fool ! he is and will always be over ! where is he ? ? ? ? ? ? ? like i care ! any way ! ! ! ! 50 has sold 16 million+ cd 's and ja fool had the nerve to say 50 do n't sell ! ! ha ! ! ! ! ! ! ja fool ! ! ! greatest hits ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! nuff said ! over ja fool rule ! ! 
camera neg 297.txt the product advertisement is misleading or incomplete ( no picture of the actual contents ) . the following quote is from fuji mall : " ac adapter : charge your batteries at home or around the world with the travel adapters . " what it fails to mention is that the charger is an external charger only , and you cannot power the camera or charge batteries while in the camera . i was looking for an ac adapter that i can power the camera ( and charge it 's batteries inside the camera ) . the nimh cells are not the 2500 ma / hr rating that comes with the e900 camera ( they are 2000 ma / hr , but this was noted in the product specifications ) . i teach a photography class and needed an ac adapter to power each camera used during the class while demonstrating . this product does not meet this criteria . it can however charge up to 4-aa batteries at a time , and includes an auto adapter which is handy . case is bulky , not small enough to tote an e900 conveniently when not bringing the charger equipment 
camera neg 555.txt horrible camera . barely had it 2 months before it went on the fritz.drained the batteries within a few pictures.so not worth more then the cost of a disposable ! ! sorry kodak...but i 'll stick with the good ol ' reliable sony 
health neg 314.txt upon purchasing this product , i 'd hoped it would be equivilant to the product i normally purchase at the salon . i was horribly disappointed . it was nothing at all like the typical product , rather much more like water . the normal scent was not present , the product made my hair greasy and my head itched all day long . i would very much like to return this . it 's not at all the same product that is purchased at the salon . i was sorely disappointed 
music pos 159.txt gun 's & roses came out in the nick of time . record companies were mass producing cookie cutter bands and they all sound the same . g&r made their debut on the music scene in 87 but did n't get big until almost late 88 early 89. appitite is a true masterpiece . welcome to the jungle , it 's so easy , mr. brownstone , my michelle....the list goes on and on . put it in turn it up to 10 and rock on ! the they made a mistake . they realeased an albums worth of great songs on 2 albums . so instead of another masterpiece they wound up with 2 ok albums . then they vanished . anyone who is a fan of the music but could n't care less about axl should pick up velvet revolver with slash and scott wieland from stone temple pilots 
books neg 669.txt boring , tasteless and unoriginal . photographer has an obvious fixation...which has kept him from paying attention in many cases to contrast , tone , and line . one star for the big you know what , the real model here . i 'm sure book has its merits , but they are n't artistic . putting my copy up for sale 
health neg 839.txt i was very disappointed with this product . not only did it come in a foreign ( chinese ) box , it does n't work well at all . the " powder " that was included actually made it worse . if i were you , i would keep searching 
health pos 189.txt it doesnt quit dark circles , but helps against wrinkles while it is on your face 
software pos 649.txt i bought a 3 user zone alarm suite for far less than zone alarm offered for a single user upgrade . it pays to shop around , and amazon is often where it all winds up 
dvd neg 580.txt this woman may have a great body , but she cannot teach dancing for anything . in the 35 minute ' cardio dance ' portion , dance steps are taught frustratingly fast ( and this is from somebody that enjoys dancing ! ) . it took so long to figure out the steps- -which are not your ' typical ' exercise or step class steps- -that i shut the dvd off and jumped on the treadmill . the two 15 minute hip and thigh workouts are a little better , but you really need to do them both back-to-back to feel any benefits . i would say this is a good video for anybody thats got lots of patience to learn the moves and an alternate workout for the first few times you run the dvd , because you 'll get no benefit from the workout while trying to figure out what she 's doing . save your money ! 
music neg 350.txt i got this cd because i loved their radio hits " bring me to life " and " my immortal . " while those songs are beautiful , they are not representative of the rest of the album . although i tried and tried to get into this cd , the hard rock teen goth style just is n't my cup of tea , and the lyrics are too depressing . if you are a fan of bands such as linkin park or seether , you might enjoy this . however , if you only like " my immortal " and " bring me to life " because of amy 's powerful vocals , you 'd be better off listening to tori amos or sarah mclachlan . 
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine . 
music pos 391.txt i bought this cd six months ago because i am a miami vice fan . i did n't expect it to be good , but it is wonderful . & quot ; in dulce decorum&quot ; is incredible ! this is a hard-to-find cd . you will love it ! i enjoy it more with each playing 
software pos 286.txt i have been using pc-cillin after dumping mcafee following some lousy customer support with no issues . this new version i was very concerned after reading all of the reviews . it does seem to slow things a little on my amd pc if i am running all of the options i can run but even with them it is tolerable . i am sure you would not want to run this on anything less but it does work and managing it has been simple . 
dvd neg 527.txt i 'm not sure what compelled me to seek out " americano , " written and directed by kevin noland . it 's not as if i was dying to check up on the career of joshua jackson , a star of tv 's " dawson 's creek . " perhaps i was intrigued by dennis hopper 's inclusion in such a small scale production- -i mean the man is always interesting even when his material is less than stellar . here , however , the lure for him seems to have been his daughter ruthanna , who has a supporting role and serves as a producer on this film . maybe it was international star leonor varela , a beauty who is surely one good role away from making it big in america . most likely , though , it was the idea of seeing the movie as a travelogue of spain . with great scenery , bull fights , hemingway , hard drinking and partying , the running of the bulls- -the atmosphere alone might have made intriguing viewing . however , i am going to be rather hard in my assessment of this film . i think noland has talent and i look forward to other works . the film is photographed well and has good performances . my problem stems from the fact that there is absolutely no drama in this familiar coming-of-age story . with an astounding lack of real character insight , this little production about characters at a crossroads falls absolutely flat . the setup is simple . as recent college graduates , jackson and two pals ( who bicker comically ) are spending the last few days of their vacation in spain before jackson must return to the " real " world and a new job . facing the eternal struggles between childhood and adulthood , work and independence , freedom and monotony , dreams and reality- -jackson falls into lust with a local played by varela . should he ditch it all for this worldwind romance ? should he abandon responsibility for a life of leisure ? should he stay in spain ? these are legitimate questions and a legitimate , albeit familiar , story path . what makes " americano " so tedious and uninvolving , however , is that the film does n't allow you to know its characters . a character study with no genuine character development seems a hard concept to pull off- -and " americano " does n't succeed in doing anything remotely deeper than the superficial presentation of friends on vacation . we never know anything about jackson 's job or life in america , or his dreams , passions , interests , etc...aside from this fleeting romance . sure , the film goes through the requisite motions- -jackson writes pretentious poetry and talks to statues of hemingway , what else would you expect in spain ? if he has artistic aspirations , however , the screenplay surely never develops this . lacking any real guidance as to what jackson envisions for his life , i simply fell into the camp of " who cares ? " there are plenty of authentic moments in the depiction of spanish culture . dennis hopper 's role , however , as a club host is a complete misfire . ultimately , though , my genuine disinterest in the film comes from a screenplay that asks me to care but never goes beneath the surface for emotional truth and character depth . sure , jackson 's at a crossroads- -but lacking any understanding of what he wants , it made no difference to me what he chose . sorry , but that 's a big problem when it is your film 's central theme . kgharris , 02 / 07 
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else 
software pos 513.txt i have used quickbooks basic for a number of years both in my church and for my business . i have kept qb 2004 basic since the upgrades were not immediately necessary for me . i chose to upgrade this year to keep current on maintenance , etc. so again i chose the most basic product offered - " simple start " . i received it just fine and it installed perfectly . however , it does not upgrade any previous qb files . as i investigated , intuit says that it wo n't upgrade files from previous qb versions on their web site ( albeit in small print ) and on the product box itself , but that was not ever mentioned in the amazon listing . so then i had to upgrade to the next higher version - an additional $80. qb pro also works very well ; it 's just a shame that intuit insists on misleading customers by not providing full information through all marketing channels . the intuit phone rep also tried to overcharge me $20 for the upgrade but quickly accepted the correct amount when i pointed out their error a second time . 
books neg 725.txt i bought this book and also last night based upon the gushing reviews you see above . who are they kidding ? the main character is a cad . it is far from " a tour de force " in erotic anything . his short stories in last night are only marginally better . your time is better spent with other authors 
camera pos 729.txt i 've seen this item for no less than $7.00 elsewhere , so i got a good deal . 
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced 
software pos 892.txt i 've been using system mechanic 6 professional , for about a month . i 'd have to say that the overall performance of windows xp has improved greatly since installation . upon starting system mechanic , a general report is given on the overall health of windows . it fixes problems in the registry , defragments the hard-drives / ram , and boosts internet performance . all of this is done is done in a short period of time ( under an hour ) . i 've also read all the negative reviews on amazon . i 'm not going to dispute any of them , since each user has his / her own experiences using the product . all i can say , is that i 'm glad that the software worked for me . 
music neg 951.txt this never should 've been pressed . they should 've taken the mix and thrown it out . do not buy ! ! 
camera neg 11.txt i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $15 shipped 
software neg 214.txt ok ! being the richest human being on the planet called earth , bill gates decided that he 's not wealthy enough . so he released this microsoft office 2003 , which i really think is not much different from previous edition . the price is , as usual , very expensive . what 's worse is that bill gates decided all the pre-installed windows in new laptops and desktops come with the trial version . so mere mortals like us need to spend extra big money buying the full version to simply do some basic documents . i can see bill gates , being a deified bloodsucker , using $100 dollar bills as toilet paper , and laughing at us who work their butt off just to make enough money to live . so shame on you bill gates and microsoft 
music pos 88.txt ...wandering through the dorms in the 1970 's this was one of those albums that was in everyone 's collection . it was usually very near the front of the record stack . every time i hear that opening guitar riff from reelin ' in the years i glide back to a very nice place in time . if you hope to understand the evolution of us pop / rock music you need to become intimate with this recording ! 
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why 
books pos 143.txt the book is really thorough when it comes to showing how to do proper lifting techniques with the kettlebell in different variations.it 's great for a beginner who is starting out . 
software pos 19.txt these are a favorite in the home . even though we have all of them , they are each different and provide hours of entertainment . skills are learned while solving puzzles some include spatial manipulation of puzzle pieces and roman numerals . great source of fun and learning . also a desire to read the actual book and see what is different and the same between book and game 
camera neg 151.txt the camera takes good pictures as long as you have a steady hand . some pictures come out dark and some shadows on pictures . some pictures come out blurry - no stabalizer . this camera 's randomly broke after about 1 year and i did not drop the camera ( just like another reviewer ) . i bought a sony pda and the same thing happened to that lcd - randomly broke - has a crack across the lcd . of course , sony said it was my fault and that i must have done something to it and refused to honor the warranty on that pda - after 1 month ? since the camera was out of warranty , i knew there was nothing they were going to do . so if you want a decent camera with lousy customer service to support it - go for it ! but if you want a great camera and a great company to support their products , look elsewhere . i used to be a great financial supporter of sony products - monitors , computers , camcorder , memory sticks , etc. i am not buying anymore sony products - i have lost the love for sony and their products ! beware ! canon , here i come ! 
dvd neg 693.txt i enjoy greek mythology and i love this story . although there was alot of bad acting especially from the lead character jason , who acted like he was stoned throughout the film . i was expecting the hydra guarding the golden fleece but got a oversized komoto dragon ( lost me there ) this film had potential but the director went off on some wierd drug indused trip . overall i was dissappointed and was expecting more . sorry 
dvd pos 252.txt from the first time our leading characters ' eyes meet , you can feel the temperature rise in the room . not your average , sappy " love conquers all " type of love story ; this film shows the courage it takes to help love conquer 
camera pos 800.txt this was my first digital camera , and after reading everything i could get my hands on to read about digital cameras i chose this one . it so happens that the last 35mm camera i owned for years was also an olympus 
health pos 905.txt i am a former general nutrition center employee and there are hundreds of " powdered " protein products that " hype " about the most important ingredient known for any person that works out . if you want a simple great tasting protein supplement that will help satisfy your daily intake without feeling sick , bloated or passing gas , then you need to trust in optimum nutritions 100% whey protein . it truly gives you the results you need as far as quality and nutrition goes . i strongly recommend 2% milk over water for even better taste , but water will still do the trick . if you buy vanilla , i suggest mixing it with berries , bananas , strawberries , or bananas for added taste . this is by far the best protein supplement out there that is worth more for your money 
music pos 406.txt tosca 's suzuki is not breaking any ground , but by god they have mastered the art . this album is just so professional sounding , very nicely produced . this is how i envision trance to sound like , so much garbage out there it taked a while to sift through and find a golden little record like this . funky bassbeats and killer sounds . it 's what they call ethereal....i think . it flows so well from track to track , quite the odyessy in under an hour 
books pos 404.txt everything that i 've made so far has been really really good . recipes are easy to follow and pack up nicely for next day lunches 
camera neg 649.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
dvd pos 49.txt this is a great show and very entertaining . the story is n't the greek classic , but it 's a fine riff on it . the songs are good , and they grow on you as you watch . i take issue with the reviewer who thought there was gratuitous sexuality in the meg character - it 's just a cartoon , for pete 's sake . like some other reviewers , i was also annoyed with michael bolton singing " go the distance " over the end credits , but this dvd has a music video of the spanish language version , " no importa la distancia , " sung by ricky martin , and it is killer ! this one is well worth the money 
software pos 63.txt i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n't come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n't have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the " h " key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you 've got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do " 1=green " for yes , " 2=yellow " for maybe , and " 3=red " for no . there 's room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red " no " images and delete them . after i have all my green " yes " images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n't bother with , as well . it 's got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what 's incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n't even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n't 5 star it is b / c it 's not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; ) 
software neg 257.txt talk about junk ! no search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , yuk ! 
dvd pos 36.txt the chronological donald vol.2 was the second box of my collection , after i happen collected the first one . the tin box contains 2 dvd9 look very precious.but the shipment made its had some ding . if you like disney , you do n't miss this treasures collection . the dvd content very classical and a lot of fun for your children 
music neg 319.txt this album was one of my biggest " mistakes " ( bought it 3 years ago ) . it 's childish songwriting and really not good enough for an alternative-rock-band . better you buy instead : up the bracket ( the libertines ) or some strokes-stuff. . 
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here 
camera neg 469.txt i purchased this to display mpeg movies ( which it says it can ) . i was told by tech support that i had to use a divx encoder and that they must be avi ( which is also incorrect ) . the sanyo xacti video camera i was using was mpeg-4 ( the ipod accepts the files without issue ) , i tried converting them in quicktime to several different types of mpeg4 and none worked . there are better frames out there and i intend on finding out which one is the best . i have ordered another brand and will see if it works . this was by first product return on amazon . 
dvd pos 817.txt beware ! this is not the tv series as described by the first reviewer ( not the reviewer 's fault ) . this is instead , the movie version of " return to treasure island " , and the tv version is by a different distributor 
music pos 836.txt i bought this for my kids because i knew they would love these songs just as i did . forget them ! i love it ! there is nothing like the chipmunks and never will be again . the christmas song is worth the price alone . do n't think about it . just get it 
books neg 610.txt the novel , a northern light , by jennifer donnelly , is a very realistic portrayal of the life of a teenage farm girl , bound for a great future . jennifer donnelly relates to mattie gokey , the lead character , in a way that they bother grew up in rural side of new york . donnelly attended the university of rochester before she wrote her three novels and one children 's book . her novels include , the tea rose , the winter rose , a northern light , and a children 's book , humble pie . all of her novels include a very popular romantic theme and her book , a northern light , has also been introduced in europe under the title a gathering light . a northern light reflects a lot on the issues of wealth , education , love , and murder . the combination of those themes makes for a novel that anyone is able to read and relate to . as you read this book , you feel like the main message is the traditional clich of following your dreams no matter how hard they are to achieve . but as you read further , you realize that it 's a lot about hardships , strength and love . on the first page of the book , mattie is imagining a perfect day at the glenmore hotel before she so disappointingly tells herself , " i believe these things . with all my heart . for i am good at telling myself lies " . from this quote , you can see the type of person mattie is , and it gives a foreshadowing to the events that would take place throughout the novel . the events typically consist of let down after let down for mattie and her hopes for her future . this book is written from mattie 's point of view which really helps the reader to get to know her better . it adds a different element to the book that would n't be there if it was n't written from mattie 's point of view . it lets you get inside mattie 's head and feel the emotions that she 's dealing with along with her true thoughts and feeling towards situations . mattie is truly troubled girl who works so hard toward what she wants and yet there is always something holding her back . she 's stuck in a farming town where education is n't as important as having a prosperous farm and a family . as you read this book , you just want to tell mattie that she needs to take her own future into consideration and stop worrying long enough to have some faith . she is a selfless giver who is willing to do anything and everything to keep her family and her farm doing well . she deals with extreme guilt for wanting to leave her father after her mother died . she has to learn that the promise that she made to her mother to always take care of her family includes taking care of herself as well . royal loomis enters mattie 's life at a very unconventional time when mattie 's unsure of what she wants to become and she has to chose between his love and the life she 's always wanted . mattie deals with her teacher , miss wilcox , leaving town . miss wilcox was mattie 's role model who was living the life of an independent poet with a car and a royal lifestyle . the life mattie wants . this book is intended for a female audience because it deals with issues that sometime only a girl could understand . it 's a fairly easy read so it is more for adolescents than adults but not for young children . the issues that it deals with are issues that children may not be able to appreciate as much as teenagers who are about to go to college and leave their families . a northern light is full of valuable lessons , but most of all it 's just a good book to get lost in . 
health pos 55.txt this book is beautiful outside , i love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front . what i do not like is how there is no specific places to write in , you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me , i wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..for example one blank page will say , " all about mom " then another that says " baby shower " etc..but the pages are blank . i need more structure 
software neg 877.txt after purchasing this product , i found there were several problems with scanning . i contacted nuance ( who purchased scansoft ) to ask for assistance from technical support . however , i then learned they want $9.95 for each incident when a request is made by email . not by phone - by email . after putting out a great deal of money for this product , i should not have to pay $9.95 for assistance with each issue that is a problem with their product . save yourself a great deal of grief and avoid this product . i regret that amazon does not allow me to give this product " 0 " stars . 
dvd neg 764.txt i was so excited when i read the reviews for this intermediate level pilates tape . thought i would purchase it for variety from my ' the method ' pilates tape . i was very disappointed . the tape does not even allow you to get your heart racing much less to break a sweat . i did n't feel like i got a good tone workout . i actually wanted to fall asleep . i felt it was 40 minutes of stretch for an intermediate level student . i give two stars because i do believe he knows what is talking about in terms of form but i shall be passing this on to an elderly relative 
camera neg 401.txt i no longer own my previous and much finer camcorder , so i finally found myself in the market for purchasing some kind of camcorder until i could get back on my feet to get another good one . i thought this one may do , good price , looks sharp , purchased on impulse . . .big no-no . i will say the camera takes decent pictures ( as the previous reviews state , almost exclusively outside in broad daylight or indoors with very good lighting ) . other than that , do n't bother . the mp3 is a cute function ( and quite possibly the most practical ) . the video , uhh , let 's not even go there . the voice recorder , also not bad - records in wav format and can be transferred to pc . jack of all trades , master of none . . .i guess that would be the best way to finally describe this item . i will say that i 'll be saving up now for much better camcorder and no more " i just gotta have this right now " save your $ , find a quality product - even if you have to pay a little more for it . trust me , it will be overall better in the long run . . 
dvd neg 824.txt this mediocre effort is disappointingly unfunny . considering the comedic caliber of its two stars , billy crystal and robin williams , i was expecting a laugh riot , but that 's not what this is . it 's not their fault , it 's the scriptwriter's . i guess maybe it was just one of those scripts that read funny on paper , but that humor just did n't translate to the screen , despite the best efforts of mssrs. crystal and williams . they deserve better , and so do we 
camera neg 545.txt this keychain photo viewer sold by a company called " smartparts " is identical to one sold by " argus . " neither company manufactures the device nor do they offer a shred of tech support . you buy this , you 're on your own . you seem to be able to find the argus one a little cheaper.. . though they do mar the front of it with a big , black imprint of their logo . in any case , this thing is maybe worth $20 as a novelty . do n't pay more . image quality is mediocre and the software , while functional , is stunningly primitive . if you can pick it up cheap and approach it with low expectations , it 's a kind of cute gizmo . but do n't give yourself agita by overpaying for an obsolete little toy . check the bargain bins for this thing , or just wait for the next generation device . - - m 
camera neg 45.txt canon 's 28-135mm with is ( image stabilizer ) is a far better choice for the money 
books pos 605.txt another solid text from our friend sensei demura . this is part of his popular set on okinawan weaponry and well worth the cost . portrayed in the book is weapon history , basic stances , grips , blocks and strikes . demura also covers self defense applications against many various attacks . for all karate and kobudo students i would reccomend this book 
books pos 887.txt tony kern has managed to pull together the wisdom and experience of & quot ; the best&quot ; pilots around . his use of case studies of real pilots and real situations includes examples from the military , commercial , and geneal aviation communities . in short , the book is useful for any pilot whether they are working toward their private pilot license or are employed as a senior airline captain . for many pilots , it will reinforce what they already know and practice but for many , it will provide the opportunity to become & quot ; old&quot ; pilots . if you fly , read the book 
books neg 941.txt it 's surprising to see how much the front and back cover promise only to find out how little information and substance it actually delivers . the book is very basic providing mostly very general information . the chapter on shift levers is particularly incomplete with outdated examples and few details on maintenance and repairs . the book may suffer from trying to cover both road and mountain bikes and doing a poor job with both . certainly wo n't purchase another book recommended or endorsed by bicycling magazine 
dvd pos 351.txt i watched this film at the suggestions of a friend...had to watch it again the very next night and have seen it several times since . it 's so nice to watch a film where people are acutally nice to each other and there is no offensive language or elicit scenes . just recently learned of some friends in a very similar situation and recommended the film to them to help work throught the emotions they are having . livvy , a young and educated woman finds herself pregnant shortly following the death of her mother . the father of her baby leaves the scene and livvy 's father insists that she will not have a child out of wedlock and so arranges her marriage to a lonely farmer in a very rural area of colrado . ray ( the farmer ) is shy and reserved , but was brought up with high moral values and treats livvy like she is something special . the rest of the movie develops the story of how ray and livvy get acquainted and eventually fall in love , even though that was not livvy 's original intention . i think the film has a powerful message about forgiveness and forbearance . i have purchased several copies and love to share it with friends . i highly recommend it ! ! ! ! 
books pos 154.txt " the case for faith " is the weakest volume in a strong series . strobel 's format is fun and engaging . i find his books as " un-put-downable " as any blockbuster page-turner . strobel holds a degree from yale law school , and he was an award-winning legal editor at the chicago tribune . he begins with a question : " does historical evidence support the historicity of jesus ? does current science support the existence of a creator god ? does it make sense to have faith in god ? " and then travels north america , interviewing acknowledged , academic experts on the question at hand . some rather shrill and not entirely rational attacks on the web protest : " but , strobel 's books are n't fair , because he only presents one side ! " perhaps these individuals missed the titles of these books , titles that appear quite prominently on the covers of the books . the first three words of each title is , " the case for.. . " no , strobel is not presenting the case *against* his topic ; he does n't represent himself as doing so . our christophobic media and academia presents that case relentlessly ; why should strobel waste paper and time doing that , when that is obviously not what he purports to be doing ? strobel 's accounts of his interviews of the experts are always reader-friendly , but he never talks down to his reader . if you do n't want to wade through the all too often alienating prose of too much academic writing , but want to get to the nub of the issue , strobel is your man . these techniques worked excellently in " the case for a creator " and " the case for christ , " but less well in " the case for faith . " there are three remarkably strong episodes in the book ; these episodes highlight what the rest of the book lacks . in the introduction , strobel interviews canadian evangelist turned atheist charles templeton . templeton presents a righteous , enraged case *against* god , and then , tearfully , admits how much he continues to adore jesus , and , indeed , to miss him . this wrenching passage masterfully captures the dilemma of many who have a love-hate relationship with their creator . in a few brief pages that serve as coda to chapter one , which addresses the question of suffering , strobel 's friend marc harrienger talks about his own pain when his wife ran over their child with the family car . this very brief account is testimony to the power of faith , even in the face of profound suffering . in another brief passage , strobel tells of his friend ron bronski , who went from being a vicious criminal to being a christian minister . these highly personal passages are what i will remember best from this book ; they were the most rewarding to read . the formal interviews with the experts did n't do a lot for me , and some were alienating . norman geisler 's treatment of the slaughter of the amalakites alienated me with its coldness and divorce from human concerns . it may be true that in war , children are killed with their adults - - when the us bombed german and japanese cities during ww ii we killed children as well as adults - - but any attempt to address such killings would have to be delivered with more compassion than geisler manages to convey . too , there is doubt , if not complete disbelief , among archaeologists as to whether these wars of conquest ever took place ( see israel finkelstein . ) the chapter entitled " church history is littered with oppression and violence " was especially weak , compared to other treatments of the same material . strobel 's treatment of the witch trials could have been improved with insights from lyndal roper 's work . strobel does n't handle understandings of nazism as a christian phenomenon well at all . the insistence that nazism was a christian phenomenon is revisionist and divorced from historical fact , and that should be made immediately clear as day in any discussion of the matter . nazism was a pagan and a scientific phenomenon . the pagan swastika was to replace the christian cross . scientific approaches to what constitutes life worthy of life was to replace " weak " christian ideas about humanity 's unity as god 's children and the value of all life . this is not made clear enough in strobel 's account . all in all , i have to say i 've encountered better treatments of the question of faith in other books ... and yet , strobel is such a good writer , and his technique is so engaging , that you could do worse than to read this book . read the other two books in the series first , though . 
books pos 448.txt this is a nice compact hardback edition of dashiell hammett 's five novels , which he wrote between 1929 and 1934. a veteran of pinkerton detective agency in several cities , hammett turned his intimate familiarity with crooks , low-lives , and the seedier side of life into hard-boiled , hard-hitting detective stories . this was a time when urban corruption was the rule , and private detectives , journalists , and police officers shared information . two of these novels , & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; are american classics . another , & quot ; the thin man&quot ; , inspired one of hollywood 's best-loved movie franchises . hammett 's novels lift the veil of propriety from the subcultures in which they take place , laying bare violence , corruption , and pervasive cynicism . but they 're not dreary . the sharp prose crackles , and the heroes stand apart from the corruption while swimming in it , steadfast in their own codes of conduct , their iconoclastic ideologies rooted securely in realism . these five novels all appeared as serials in magazines prior to being published as novels . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; appeared first in & quot ; redbook&quot ; , the others in & quot ; black mask&quot ; . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; ( 1930 ) and & quot ; the glass key&quot ; ( 1931 ) are flawless . & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; features private detective sam spade , a irresistible femme fatale , and the ruthless pursuit of an ancient gold statuette . the last pages of the book are some of the most hard-hitting and cynical in all of noir fiction . and they 're brilliant . & quot ; the glass key&quot ; explores political corruption that leads to personal tragedy in an unnamed american city . oddly , the detective is the right-hand man of a crime boss . & quot ; red harvest&quot ; ( 1929 ) features the adventures of hammett 's most popular detective , the continental op , in a town called personville , or poisonville to those who know it better . the always unnamed detective for the continental detective agency finds himself responsible for cleaning up a mining town that is ruled by violence and mob warfare . the novel 's opening paragraph deserves to be read several times . & quot ; the thin man&quot ; ( 1934 ) is an attempt at humor among new york 's blue-blooded , cold-blooded upper crust . hard-boiled humor is interesting in concept . but i find the characters in this novel more pitiful than funny , and hammett 's style was in decline at this point . at least his characteristic cynicism wasn't . & quot ; the dain curse&quot ; ( 1929 ) is another continental op novel . this one is melodramatic , absurd , and not up to hammett 's usual standards . hammett fans should n't miss it , but others may find it pointless . i described the novels in order of descending quality . & quot ; complete novels&quot ; organizes them chronologically . five novels is a lot to pack into one book . but & quot ; complete novels&quot ; does n't resemble a door stop . it 's a handy size actually . the print is not too small , but the pages are quite thin . editor stanley marcus , a literary critic and frequent admirer of hammett 's work , has included a chronology of hammett 's life and several pages of notes on the novels in the back of the book . the chronology is informative and provides all of the apparently significant events in hammett 's life . the notes are mostly definitions of colloquialisms used in the novels , which are useful . the notes also contain an introduction to & quot ; the maltese falcon&quot ; , written by hammett in 1934 , in which he explains the origins of that novel 's characters . it 's quite interesting . for those who prefer to own these novels separately , vintage crime / black lizard hs published some handsome trade paperback editions . but if you want hardback and do n't mind all five novels in one volume , this is quite a nice book 
camera pos 129.txt i am certainly happy i bought this filter kit . for a starting photographer , the price was right , and i have not noticed any quality issues . the uv filter stays on a lens at all times , as it 's cheaper to replace the filter , than it is to have a scratched lens element repaired . the light polarizer is very handy , and also works very well , cutting down greatly on glare . i have not yet had the occasion to use the warming filter yet . the filter case is a nice extra , it fits right in my camera bag , and is out of the way untill i need it 
dvd neg 685.txt ( david 1930 's mobster ) ...... this movie is based on the year 1935 , the dutchman 's last year of life . it does n't paint the real picture of the dutchman or his orginazation . ( dutch schultz was a ruthless hot head who did n't entertain a thing . billy bathgate was supposed to be dutch 's protege but was merly an errand boy ( no gun play at all ) . there was almost no gun fights in this movie or the showing of daily operations which was still going on in 1935. there was a apperance by lucky luciano which was good but nothing shown of the commission which dutch was a part of . the best dutch schultz i have seen on film is ( hoodlum ) . if your like me and want the real 1930 's & 40 's minus the watered down or mis leading facts , d your homework before you buy or rent . or read the review and look for david 1930 's mobster ) 
software neg 654.txt the updates are frequent and expensive . good program , but it 's not worth the trouble and expense of upgrading 
dvd neg 864.txt no no no ! ! ! dvd technology is for quality image and movie collectors . this time artisan did not pay respect . i think it 's the worst dvd in my collection . bad transfer , full frame and etc 
software pos 972.txt if you 're looking to create the next doom 3 or half-life 2 , then i ca n't really recommend this program . if you want to make an advanced fps game , or a simple pong game , then i can recommend dark basic . in fact , dark basic professional is probably capable of creating any kind of game that you can come up with . the catch ? you have to program it yourself , all from scratch . dark basic makes manipulating 3d data extremely easy , but it 's not a game creation package which lets you click and create . if you are determined enough , it 's easy to learn all of dark basic 's commands , as half of programming a game is in the logic . dark basic will hardly limit you , and will give you capabilities that were probably impossibly hard for you to use in c++. the end result of creating a game from scratch results in a tremendous sense of satisfaction , especially when you share it with friends and family . although previous versions of dark basic professional had some hardly crippling bugs , most of them have been eliminated , and with the release of upgrade 6.0 , dbpro is a very stable development engine . overall , i totally recommend this to anyone who wants to create a game , but is determined enough to learn how 
dvd pos 373.txt this film was probably hurt a bit by the fact it had to have its fall 2001 release postponed due to 9 / 11 ( it 's plot included terrorists that sell a bomb ) . i also imagine the marketing was tough since it had to be sold based on tim allen and the comparisons to " get shorty " rather than as a plot driven movie . i tell you though , this film is simply funny . just like an old marx brothers film , the plot is there only to set in motion the quick-witted dialogue and interaction between the characters . i have enjoyed both of dave barry 's humor novels ( this and " tricky business " ) . they made me laugh out loud as did this movie . i think it captures the spirit of the book perfectly . for those that have laughed at dennis farina from his roles in " get shorty and even " snatch , " he has never been funnier as a hit man who encounters unexpected roadblocks ( literally ) on his trip to do a quick sniper job . tom sizemore is also excellent as the dumbest crook you 'll ever see . there are some movies that you may see once in the theaters yet can watch over and over everytime it is on tv because it retains the ability to always make you laugh , no matter how many times you have seen it . check this one out ! 
books pos 638.txt i teared when i read parts of the book , but it is such an awesome book ! i did n't want to put that book down until i was completely finished reading it . i definetely recommend it to anyone with children . i loved it , and i plan on keeping up with my letter box to my son 
software pos 20.txt i really enjoy the nancy drew games . they can be done as a senior detective with fewer helps or as a junior detective with a check list of things that need to be done . the check list continues to update as you move through the game . i look forward to each new game as it comes out and ca n't leave the computer until they are done 
books pos 460.txt excellent book - telling a shocking but real story of genocide on an unbelievable scale . 
software pos 916.txt really great ! beautiful graphics , easy to follow instructions , levels to keep us going . very fun and challenging 
software pos 912.txt great deal , great price , great product . emedia guitar method is by far one of the greatest computer learn to play programs out there . my order netted me a brand new , factory fresh product , securely and quickly shipped . thanks , again 
software pos 422.txt i am very happy with this turbotax.after my son showed me how to use it , i was hooked.in the past , i have always done my own income tax and every year it becomes more difficult.my wife is an independent contractor and by using this software , it made doing taxes a breeze and fun 
health pos 402.txt works great and with any mattress . due to severe neck injuries i can now sleep better at a slight incline . thanks ... 
music neg 442.txt most of these songs were previously sold on other albums from martina . what a waste of money to buy this album of mostly " old " songs and only a few new ones ! martina is sucking money out of the pockets of hard-working individuals . maybe she should try getting a real job instead of using the average working person to support her lavish & luxurious lifestyle . many of us are living in trailer parks & working 80 hours a week while martina sitting on her a** in her million dollar house making money like rain ! you , the people who are buying her albums are making her rich...what the hell is wrong with you people ? do n't buy her albums and let her get a freakin ' job so she can feel what it 's like to work every day and actually earn a damn dollar ! martina , quit using poor people to accommodate your ridiculously high lifestyle 
health neg 127.txt absolutely no power whatsoever . if you have true back or shoulder pain you are better off with a hand massage or standing under the shower . no power at all in this machine . 
camera neg 775.txt the night owl optics monocular had a major flaw as soon as i started using it . the system uses high voltage derived from 2-aa bateries . occationally the unit would create a large snap ( arcing noise ) and emit a bright flash of light from the eyepiece . if one is using the instrument , the light actually hurts the eye . i have returned the monocular to night owl for repairs . i do not know the result of the repairs as it is still in transit . they told me to ship it at my expense . another strange requirement of the instrument is that the batteries are recommended to be removed if not used for 24 hours . other than the above , the monocular has performed well . epilogue-night owl optics did repair the unit and returned it . 
software pos 246.txt as far as gps software goes , there is nothing better available than streets & trips and autoroute . there are dozens of features that you ca n't find with the self-contained gps units . it is easy to add multiple stops and to optimize them into the best order , night-view is another great feature , as are the topographical maps . the new feature offered this year , of easy-linking to satellite photos of places on the map , is also a welcome addition . the only reason i 'm giving it a four is because of the following : 1 ) there is still no ground-level or 3d view of the roads for use in the gps function 2 ) they still have n't added an option to exclude roads that ban trucks or commercial traffic form using them . 3 ) there is n't a lot of coverage for eastern european countries , most notably , nothing in russia . nonetheless , it is still better than any other gps software on the market 
software neg 580.txt once i figured this software out , i was able to do a slideshow of my pictures , integrate video , and produce a decent dvd . only problem is , it distorts all my video footage by forcing it into 4:3 whereas my dvd camcorder shoots in 16:9. this sucks . i have been buying other software packages ever since trying to get my video to stay in 16:9. roxio support did e-mail me back with the blanket statement that it does n't support 16:9 at this time . even in the new 7.5 version . roxio needs to join the rest of us in 2005 and bring their software to be compatible in widescreen 
camera neg 886.txt well . i was convinced the fx07 was a bad product after using it for 6 months . like a lot of other reviews have pointed out , the noise level in low-light condition is annoying , and give you a watercolor-like effect . some pictures i took during a visit to monterey bay aquarium turned out completely dark ( to prevent this beforehand , i even took photos of the same objects using several different settings , only to get the results of bad , worse , and worst ) . the picture quality is nowhere close to my old old old sony cybershot t7. i was totally disappointed . if not for my t7 was broken , i would n't even wanna use this camera . even re-sell it to other people , i would feel it 's like a crime . after revisiting this webpage and read more user reviews , i realized i must have got the defective item from amazon . well . what can i say ? it 's been 6 months . bottom line : just be careful when you received this item . do some test shots . if anything looks suspicious , ask for a replacement . after all , all the high praise here ca n't be all wrong 
dvd neg 831.txt it has been a couple years since i 've seen this , and i can still honestly say that it 's like watching a andy warhol movie of salvor dail puking . a kind of swirly colorful mess , with brendan fraser and bridget fonda stuck in the ooze of ick , and ca n't escape it 's yuck of a screenplay...on a positive note , jim carrey is n't in it . other then that , nothing can redeem henry selick , kaja blackley , and sam hamm for this putrid monstrosity , and i mean that from the bottm of my heart 
books pos 370.txt this book is truly lovely- -about finding friendship in the most unexpected of places . i cannot imagine anyone not enjoying it immensely ( and you wo n't get tired of reading it to your kids either ) 
books neg 44.txt nothing in this book was usable for me . okay , very little . if i was trying to write the next _ethan frome_ , then this book would be perfect . instead i write sci-fi and fantasy . i was looking for tips to improve my description of things ; this book recommends describing different things . too much emphasis on metaphor ( which is a wonderful tool but a tad obvious ) . if you want to write in a way people might actually communicate , this book might be a waste of your time . however , poets and pure-literary writers might find it more useful than i did 
health neg 75.txt this device is useless for monitoring pulse during activity . one must be absolutely still for the meter to get a clear signal . nor is it useful for monitoring resting pulse , as it seems unable to pick up a pulse unless the heart is pounding . at best , this device might manage to acurately read a pulse after a strenuous activity is concluded 
health neg 114.txt the item pictured here is not what you will receive . you will receive a different model that has a different external and possibly internal design . most important is that the model you get will not have the little orange change filter indicator . this very important feature takes the guess-work out of when to change the filter . do n't buy this item from this seller if you expect to get what is pictured . thanks , pj-berk 
music neg 12.txt cheap trick 's second album is very disappointing to me after the good , but raw , " live in the studio " , 1977-76 recorded cheap trick . almost all of the material here is so watered down that it really comes off way better on the later many live disks they did . after a good start w / " hello there " , a concert favorite for many years , is the only thing here to write home about when one considers how great all the tunes from this overproduced album sounded on the budokan and other live recordings later . tom werman and rick niesen were on a show in 1991 that i had recorded on a tape once and werman , noce a friend of tom petersson 's said , quote : " my three albums with cheap trick got better and better.. . " , to which the ever sarcastic rick nielsen said , " selling , maybe . " not realizing that brother rick was slamming him , werman then continued , " exactly " ... oh boy . we now see why producing cheap trick albums through the years has become like playing russian roulette . it 's not hard to get better than this and five months later the solid , but somewhat oeverrated ' heaven tonight ' came out.. . ( and the guys even bought werman back for dream police . things turned out better when pete comita , then later jon brant joined the band . yep - the best was yet to come - in the ' 80 ' 
books neg 17.txt i remember hearing about this book by the great patriot sean hannity sometime in 2001 , then it was a mere idea . from that time on , until august 20th 2002 , i waited for what i thought would be the greatest book of all time . i remember seeing the cover art and hearing about the title : " let freedom ring " with not just a picture of sean hannity on the cover , patriot that he is , but also a flag . i loved it , could n't be more happy . well , the day of the book 's release , i took a day off work ( i 've never missed a day of work before in my life ) , and rushed to get this book . it looked better than i ever imagined . with the flag on the cover and the title of " let freedom ring , " i thought , finally , technology has caught up to our patriotism . i expected a book filled with flags , flags with sound effects . maybe some firework sound effects . boy was i wrong . i opened the book only to the colors black and white . no red . no blue . no stars and stripes . i quickly turned the pages , looking , searching for flags . i found none , no sound effects either , no fireworks . at that point , i went into a 4 year long depression . i nearly committed suicide at several points . it 's only now that i can bring myself to review this man 's book , patriot that he is . i say this so you know what you 're getting yourself into . there are no flags , no stars and stripes , no fireworks , no sound effects . i have since recovered , but only because of old stars and stripes . i went back to teaching last year , not fully recovered , and my colleagues , knowing how much i love america and the stars and stripes , suggested i have my class do a research project : find the most patriotic book ever made . the methodoloy was simple : a book made out of flags with flag pictures would score high , a book that was not made out of a flag or flags and had no pictures of flags would score the lowest . we found some very good books and they did cheer me up . the one that was the most patriotic by far was a book called " president jesus : how jesus wrote the constitution , freed the slaves , and won world war ii . " its published by a small church in texas . i was very proud of my students for finding it . it has brought countless joy to my life . along with the book , made entirely out of a flag , with flag pictures , and written in blue and red ink , you get a giant flag . i 'm not sure of the dimensions , but they had to haul it to my house in a moving truck . i 've draped it over my house and it covers it completely . people even have to crawl under the flag to enter the house . now i often go outside and just gaze at old stars and stripes for hours at a time , smiling . 
health neg 388.txt i bought this for my lower back . i am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time . it is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other . however , the inner pad bunches up tremendously . i have used it for a few weeks now , and have to take the cover off to " open " the pad back up by stretching it out again . it has n't gone back to the original shape . if i had known it would do this , i would have never purchased it . 
books pos 6.txt this book was someone else 's bookclub selection , and i think having no expectations when i picked it up really helped in my having that wow experience that some folks report with this book and others miss . yes , the prose needed much better editing : overuse of repetition , " stock " phrases , and " hanging " assertions that should have been cleaned up . however , i found the discussions of brain development / evolution , similarities between certain animal behaviors and human behaviors , development of language in different animals , and the coevolution of humans and dogs to be facinating ( oops , just gave away the ending ! ) . i found the side discussion of outcome-based audits interesting and enlightening . i also liked dr. temple 's recommendation that people with autism be hired for baggage checking positions . great idea ! although the book really goes all over the place , i found it a wonderful opportunity to engage my " seeking / hunting " motivation ( you 'll have to read the book for that one ) , and worth wading through the flaws to pick up the nuggets of gold 
software neg 47.txt first of all , the many samples i viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . there are far fewer images than the number touted . this is a scam in my opinion , but a situation i could live with . but the major issue is that most of the photo images i have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . they have corrupted clarity , poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project . it was a complete waste of money . it is headed for the first garage sale i hold , and i will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy . 
books neg 768.txt i have an amazon bookmark that advertises ludlum 's book " the sigma protocol " . it says " in ludlum 's latest , an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy . " well gee . that 's the plot of this book as well . come to think of it , that 's the plot of every book by the man that i 've read . a ' vast right wing conspiracy ' is set to take over the world . they have small armies , a lot of money and a plan . this time around , a group of military men ( naturally ) plan to foment terror , and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world ( laugh not - millions in the middle east and far left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines ) . enter " ordinary man " joel converse . he 's a vietnam vet and p.o , w . who thought he had left that life far behind . it 's up to him to save the world . he will survive certain death several times ( the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive , and they just have to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger ) . he will find love , and he 'll visit several european cities to boot . of course , a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels ( how else would you believe that a nazi and an israeli are on the same side ? ) , but ludlum 's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just could n't write . his dialogue writing is always tedious , and sometimes just painful to read . action scenes are generic . the only thing he could do right is character background , but that 's not enough to save this . " the aquitaine progression " might make a half decent tv movie , but to endure 700 pages is just too much 
health neg 182.txt it made my skin very dry and break out because of it . my floormate had the same reaction . we were both very disappointed . i recommend going for vitaclear which i tried before this product and is less expensive than proactiv although it is a little more expensive than this . 
camera neg 724.txt i was extremely disappointed with this camera . it 's a shame there is no option for zero stars , because it does n't even deserve one . i bought two of them for a vacation to belize because we were planning to do a lot of activities in and around the water , and we were hoping to capture those memories without risk to our digital camera . now i really regret not putting a little more money into a waterproof case for our digital camera rather than wasting money on this camera and developing pictures that were only worthy of the garbage can . all of the pictures from both cameras were very grainy - terrible , terrible quality . the camera that we took pictures with while diving was slightly better than the one we never even submerged in the water . those pictures were so grainy that we could n't even tell what the pictures were supposed to be of . extremely disappointing for a camera that was n't even submerged in water . not to mention both cameras said that there were more pictures left on the roll when there were none , so we took shots that we thought were going to be really amazing only to find that they were n't even on the negatives . i was so disappointed in this camera that i wrote to kodak and they offered to send me two new disposable cameras . unfortunately our trip to belize was a once in a lifetime trip , so i have absolutely no need for replacements - the damage is done . and i have no desire to ever use one of these cameras again . if you are planning on using a disposable waterproof camera for capturing valuable memories , do not waste your money on this one . the only thing you will receive from the photo lab is disappointment . i wish i had done more research before purchasing this one - please do n't even bother with it 
books neg 673.txt it is fiction of course . it can not be otherwise for what it contends may happen is impossible ! many reviewers are upset . upset perhaps but they should not be worried . the church is protected by christ 's promise that it will not err . any person of faith sees this book as fiction . it is a poor attempt to disguise greely 's left wing theology as fiction . the message to those liberals who find & quot ; hope&quot ; for their cause in this book : it ai n't going to happen . recommended reading : & quot ; women priests and other fantasies&quot ; greely and his followers are delusional 
health neg 375.txt the best kind of electric toothbrush ( according to my hygienist ) is one with a rotating top to the head , that way it gets the gums better . i ordered this one and i do n't like it.. . besides the lack of rotating head , it is very loud and i feel like i 'm going to wake up my roommates . : ) 
software neg 340.txt i have never ever used an application that was totally designed to get more and more money . every other page is a sales page and after paying $300 plus for the application and another $200 for the payroll , now i have to pay if i want their help . it is a good tool but the company mission is to make more money , no longer has anything to do with their customers . and this customer will not be one next year 
music pos 46.txt these guys are the best group out right now . every single rapper is amazing even bizarre who is not great so far as flow but probably has the funniest lyrics . this album brought me some of my favorite songs to date including sh*t can happen , pistol pistol , ai n't nuttin ' but music , american psycho , fight music & revelation . my favorite rappers are swifty & eminem but the fact is every one should have a solo album out by now ( besides em , only proof ( r.i.p. ) & bizarre do.. . which are my least favorite rappers in the group ) every song is great even the skits are enjoyable . if you do n't have this yet , you are missing out on one of the best cds ever 
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it 
dvd neg 984.txt i have now seen several gerry anderson projects , many hits and some misses , this one is close to dead last for me ( wait , it is dead last ) . a priest driving a model t is the hero in this one . he also has a shrinking ray ( shrinks to like 1 / 3 normal ) that he uses on his assistant who is a groundskeeper / secret agent . sound interesting ? well , i got the set cheap so why not buy it ? if your an anderson fan as i am , it was worth the price , just do n't expect to show it to your friends as it 's really tame and slow plodding with model t car chases and not a whole lot of action . here is my ranking of the shows i like from gerry anderson so take that into account of your own tastes . #1 ufo ( a live adult sci-fi show with some great character development ) , #2 joe 90 ( the concept is great and the non continuous storylines work good here ) , #3 captain scarlet ( i love the concept and a lot of the shows fit in with the current war on terror to me ) , #4 thunderbirds ( had a corgi toy as a kid , it was the best show for kids on tv at the time ) , #5 stingray ( for the time , it was a great action kids show ) , #6 fireball xl5 ( like a stingray except in space and black and white ) , #7 the protectors ( eh , it 's ok ) , #8 space 1999 ( this is where my recommended shows stop , this show was so highly anticipated and quickly got really stupid even i could n't stay with it in the 70 's ) , #9 terrahawks ( just started watching it now it may move up above space 1999 and the protectors ) , #10 secret service . i have n't watched his other stuff and i know there is stuff out there like supercar but that would probably rank above secret service for me . 
dvd neg 329.txt let me begin by listing all the great things about the movie . 1. it is incredibly beautiful animation 2. the music is amazing 3. i happen to like how the movie is darker than the tv series the things i do n't like about the movie : 1. the characters are not developed at all 2. you get the feeling your only skimming the surface , like a starving person being tost a crumb of bread 3. it almost seems that every seen in the movie was stopped half way through the writting process . ok you may have see that i gave this moive a 2 out of 5 , well that is becuase of the story line and plot.the story line of any movie is much more important to me than the animation . the movie left me with a odd emptiness from begining to end . i just kept thinking there has to be more . but there wasn't . the best way i could describe it would be to say it was as if the movie were a lost child at the carnival that no matter how hard it looked it just could n't find its parents . this movie is for the person who likes action and no character development fluff . but if you are the person who likes well developed characters and story line please do n't buy it rent it first . i 'm not saying its a bad movie by any means , just a bit empty for me.just one more thing the escaflowne series is very very good do n't let any bad reviews of the movie discurage you from getting the series 
music pos 382.txt back when blondie was being hailed as the biggest new-wave band in pop music by fans and critics alike , there were also just as many critics that quickly dismissed blondie as " bubblegum pop , " and one group that would never have staying power . but i think it 's been observed enough how the group has had the last laugh . parallel lines helped establish blondie as a serious music group and turned their cult following into commercial success . this album is also the first where debbie harry 's voice gets sharpened with the sensibility of a sweet , vulnerable girl one minute to sultry and rapturous behind disco grooves the next . the album made punk , pop , and disco shake hands , which was a method unheard of in 1978. songs like " hanging on the telephone , " " picture this , " " pretty baby , " and " sunday girl , " have become irresitable pop gems , while " i know but i do n't know , " and " fade away & radiate , " featuring a terrific guitar lick by robert fripp , are punk-driven classics . last but not least are the two hits that are forever getting played on the classic rock stations of today in " one way or another , " and " heart of glass . " and how has debbie harry played out as lead singer after all these years ? as rolling stone stated when this album was ranked #140 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time , " madonna was surely watching . " 
camera neg 58.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
software neg 574.txt the video editing part of this software is completely useless . it did n't come with a manual and i ended up buying on my own a book about how to use it . it has n't made a difference . the software is completely uncooperative . my computer more than meets the minimum requirements for running the program . if you bought this software for the video editing , i recommend using the disc as a drinks coaster and buying something else 
software pos 132.txt i wo n't include my website url here , but i 'm a professional photographer , who displays and sells his work at juried exhibitions . i 've been using photoshop since version 5.0 , roughly 6-7 years . frankly , i 'm surprised to see how many negative reviews there are here of photoshop cs2 , and that overall the product only gets three stars . i understand all the frustration , though . even on a top-of-the-line machine , " ps cs2 " can be slow at times . however , in my case , that 's because i 'm working on incredibly large files . for example , my camera / scanner combination typically produces 50 megapixel images . by the time multiple layers are added in ps , one image file can be 500 mb - 1 gb in size . this is exactly why i have a dual-opteron system with 4 gb of ram : so i can work on these monster files in photoshop ! for me , photoshop is a must-have . there are *no* alternative programs for me to consider that can handle my files and do what i want to get done . i do n't even want to mention all the advanced features that i use on a daily basis , frankly because that 's part of my edge as a professional . i 've spent over five years working in ps everyday , and have carefully studied several advanced books on ps . the learning curve is long , but the rewards are great if you have high goals and high standards . yeah , adobe 's got some major improvements to make , along the lines that other reviewers have mentioned . for me , the only real problem is poor and often wasteful use of system memory . and i would agree with other reviewers here that for most people , the full photoshop cs2 is probably a waste of money . photoshop elements is probably a better way to go , though i have n't used it personally . i know a good web designer who uses paint shop pro , and who seems to be happy . imho , some people are probably drawn to photoshop the way others are drawn to autocad or solidworks or 3d studio max . all these programs are incredibly powerful tools that can support an entire career if one puts in the time and effort to become a true expert user . you ca n't make a career out of ps elements , or paint shop pro , or gimp , or whatever else other reviewers may mention . ps cs2 is " the standard " for image manipulation 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
camera pos 204.txt it is working well , and it is sturdy . i dropped on the ground when playing frisby , but nothing happened 
books pos 987.txt this book is packed full of incredible devices for any one who enjoys exalted . the book has a wealth of knolage from the first age as well as the age of sorrows . the book has a few sections in it that divide the items by uses , that is the only way i can discribe it . there is a giant amount of artifacts that have nothing to do with combat , and then others that are . there is a section on warstriders , basicly single man " death machines " that basicly look like large metal robots . most of the items in this volume are very well detailed and all have pictures that show you what they would more that likely look like . i do n't like saying that is what they look like because , well , this is rping people , things change by a player / gm 's perception . anyway , enough of my ramblings , this book rocks and has items that range from pens to armor to boots to royal class warstriders . this book is about gear in the world of exalted . p.s. it looks like there is going to be about 4 more of these books . my best guess is that one will be for sorcery , but that is just one book . if you think of anything else , post it here to give me some ideas on the other ones 
books pos 59.txt this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues.. . anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own 
software neg 420.txt i had a problem at the end of the process in that the program indicated no errors , but when you went to print the return , the message stated that there were errors on the return . i contacted turbo tax directly , but they had no explanation . they simply said that they had received a couple of calls about this problem . that was it 
camera neg 690.txt i guess i really should n't complain because my husband won the camera in an office rally . but the pictures it takes are disgraceful for a samsung product every two to three pictures are blurred unrecognizably-where you ca n't even tell what you have taken . if you have found yourself among the fortunate few who actually found success with this camera thank your lucky stars . even if it is a less expensive choice versus the other cameras on the market today spend the extra money it would be worth it not to miss any family moments like my family did , on this useless piece of crap 
software neg 642.txt i 've been using a win 98 version of this software for years and the opportunity to upgrade to the xp version was tempting . however , it does not work at all in my portuguese xp . after searching for the misterious error code through the manufacturer 's database i was informed that it does not work in non-english win xp . all the previous versions worked fine in my pcs but this one was totally disappointing . living in brazil , i had to give up my money since the shipping costs were about the same value i would recover . shame on them 
dvd neg 232.txt despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would 
books neg 214.txt i have yet to use an actual phrase from this guide , but.. . it is good for re-charging my batteries when i have to write a review and feel uninspired . after reading through some ideas in this guide , i usually find i can then find my own words to say what i need to convey . the fact that all the phrases are positive , i see as a good thing because i feel it 's important to have a positive attitude toward the associate you 're reviewing . if there are challenges in the persons performance , the manager should have been working with the associate on that throughout the review period . i would recommend this book but only as a way to inspire the person writing a review to come up with their own way of phrasing.. . rather than use the phrases in the book . the people we manage deserve more than " copy / paste " reviews . 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
books pos 665.txt following up on the success of the chocolate chip cookie murder , this is the second volume in the hannah swenson murder mysteries . here again , we find hannah coping with the brutal minnesota winter when the unthinkable happens . hannah finds a body ! the local high school coach and secret wife beater is found dead face down in hannah 's strawberry shortcake . his wife certainly has a motive , but is she the real killer ? the police are inclined to think so , but hannah certainly does not . with the aide of her sister , andrea , she sets out to find the real killer . many suspenseful twists and turns follow as hannah and andrea proceed on their relentless mission to free an innocent woman . will they succeed and find the real killer ? only in the last few chapters will you find out the answer to this riddle . once again , author joanne fluke has surpassed herself with another excellent novel . the cozy and inviting atmosphere found in the first novel continues here against the backdrop of the cruel minnesota cold . many delicious recipes are included so you can share the experience right along with hannah and her friends . her strained relationship with her mother continues as her friendship with norman grows and her closeness to her sister andrea deepens . the novel keeps you in suspense right up until the very end providing an exhilarating mystery ride . this is a novel not to be missed . very highly recommended . smash 
health neg 814.txt this product does not work if you have soft blonde hair . my hair is not coarse and this razor just glided right over top with out cutting a thing . it 's comfortable to hold and seems like it is made well , but it is definatly not for those of us with soft hair . 
health pos 487.txt i have medium colored hair , and i 've used this trimmer many times . it shaves away the hair just fine for me , you know need to know how to get to all the hair . if your hair is so coarse that this trimmer does n't work , you i 'd recommend waxing ! fast , effective , good angling 
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc 
music pos 771.txt there have been innumerable motorhead collections over the years , but this is one of the few that attempts to mix old with the new . on this collection , all the classics are present , and some newer material is thrown in as well . unfortunately , there are some throw-away tracks , mainly the girlscool and headgirl tracks . ( to be honest , these tracks are pretty much worthless . ) some live tracks are meshed in and fit well , and the newer songs help to add some variety to the old-scool stuff . i would recommend this collection to listeners looking to get a nice , cheap collection of some of motorhead 's best just for the sake of getting into the band . but if you 're wanting the prime collection of older material , save up some extra dough and buy " no remorse " or " stone deaf forever . 
music neg 862.txt ok , at long last public enemy has finally let me down by allowing a bunch of sub-par average , non-innovative , non-avent guard , dj 's mix there stuff up . even dj spookie 's mix was not that grand . everything sounds like beats that i discovered in the early 90's . on the other hand , this album is only a couple bucks used , so i would highly highly highly suggest buying it if only for 54321 boom which is perhaps one of the best pe tracks ever to come out ! not only are the beats right on , but the lyrics are some of the hardest i 've heard yet ! and for the note , my review has nothing to do with me not being flexable to change of sound . infact i love the new pe ( whirl odor ) even though it has club friendly sounds , mainly for the fact that they are not your mere average club beats ( they are very multi-layered ) and of course the lyrics once again only get harder and harder and harder , and more direct and to the point as we aproach the last times of this world ( lyness ) 
camera pos 745.txt the best buy in the marketplace . it easily fits into my suitcase for travel...the level works nicely and very sturdy for as light as it is 
music neg 234.txt do you know why this double cd is often in the bargain basement ? simply because it is an inferior product . for some very odd reason , the compiler at the record company decided to put 13 live songs instead of the studio versions that we all remember . for all we know , it may have been a copyright problem . i bought this for my dad about 5 years ago , but we were both unaware of the live recordings until we played it . the live recordings on this cd are dismal and not related to the awesome " hot august night " . fortunately for me , i own the right neil diamond cd 's which contain the studio versions . these are still available . the first is called " 12 greatest hits " ( a black and white photo a young neil ) , and the second is called " 12 greatest hits volume 2 " ( a colour photo of neil sitting on a sofa ) . both of these contain all the studio versions - and not one live recording in sight ! ! ! just released is a new compilation called neil diamond gold , as part of the gold series but i do not know if it too contains the dreadful live recordings . all i know is that it is missing a lot of key tracks 
software neg 814.txt this software might be recommended if better utilities were n't out there . this one gives the user a sense of security , but when my system crashed , fix-it couldn't . i dutifully put in the rescue disk , booted up on it , restored my earlier system , exited and rebooted . nothing . before i 'd been able to get into safe mode , but now nothing . so when i manually restored my system , guess which program got yanked ? and it freed up a lot of system resources , too . ( had i known how much before , that alone would have soured me . ) my system now runs faster and does n't lag while typing . another small criticism : even though fix-it has automatic update for virus scans , i found more often than not i had to go to the vcom site and manually download the anti-virus files . no reason was ever given ; i 'd just get a message telling me to do it . very inconvenient . also warning*warning : this program has strict activation . you can only have it on one computer , so forget putting it on your notebook computer . finally , be careful when cleaning your registry . look at every entry this suite wants to delete . if you run it on default , it may remove critical registry keys and settings . in fact , i 'd use a different registry cleaner or some of the free ones . fix-it has some great features , but not enough to make it worth the system resources and a system sluggish system . ( not to mention the anti-virus problem ) . try system mechanic instead . 
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian 
health pos 817.txt i 've had this trimmer for 10 years and never had a problem . sometimes the switch needs to be moved twice but it always works . never falls apart and cut hair great . i 'd buy another if this one would ever wear out ! 
dvd pos 885.txt how did he have the time to write such a picture , to co-direct it , to act in it and after everything else to write its score ? noel coward 's energies , always remarkable , were redoubled during the second world war , and it must have seemed like another excuse to show off his patriotism , which he wore like a second skin despite his slummy upbringing . in which we serve is still worth watching , but it 's nowhere as appealing as either cavalcade or this happy breed , and its focus on the " life and death of a ship " ( the hms torrin ) is strangely monomaniacal , almost constructivist . over and over you see unattributed bare arms hammmering away , symbols of brute strength like something from a soviet film . the ship goes up . the ship goes down . a new ship rises out of the water . and in between coward tries his hardest to keep you interested in the lives of the men clinging to the lifeboat , till our interest settles on three- -bernard miles as hardy , with his striking , long , hatchet face and the deep voice that goes with it- -he should have played ichabod crane- -john mills as blake , a tiny little pipsqueak who 's feisty in the standard mickey rooney-jimmy cagney manner , and noel coward himself as captain kinross , tranquil with class privilege and , in the background , his glamorous marriage to the ineffable celia johnson ( so beautiful till she opens her mouth and those bits of teeth wobble around on her gums ) . hitchcok 's lifeboat had the same concentration on a handful of downed and wet actors playing nautical , but without coward 's complicated flashback structure . coward stalwarts joyce carey and kay walsh show up as the love interests for miles and mills respectively- -carey , in this movie and in brief encounter as well , treated very unusually for the 1940s as a woman not in her first youth , nor good-looking in any way , who 's given nevertheless a fullblooded and physical romantic interest . she must have kissed the ground every time noel coward walked on it . who else would have written such roles for her ? the movie is trying indeed when it goes " serious , " and yet that 's half the fun of it , seeing how often coward plays the " race " card- - " we are an island race " indeed . i teared up , of course i did , during the blitz as the v-1 rockets drop bomb after bomb on london households , leading to the death of several favorite characters , and again when coward leads his naval boys into dunkirk and out of it again with a panoply of half-nude british soldiers sipping tea or what looks like an enormous vat of kool-aid . outside of these scenes , however , the movie is marred by its agitprop and by david lean 's tiresomeness , in showing everything at such a glacial pace . ps , the film was shot by ronald neame who later became a director himself and whose " masterpiece , " the poseidon adventure , sometimes seems like a shot by shot remake of the disaster sequences of in which we serve 
camera pos 392.txt i am a busy mom of two young children . this camera is perfect for capturing all of their cute faces and happy moments . i love the fast cycle time . i love that i can take multiple pictures in seconds . would recommend to anyone 
software neg 408.txt i am a software tech . i first " free trial " v6 online - 1. finds 131 errors , but will only fix 4 ( must buy full version ! ) . sheesh ! 2. buy full version with 20% off coupon ( 3 computer lic , for only $9.95 more - their web site ) . 3. does not remove left / overs.. . , from old uninstalled pgms . ( fix-it utilities " 6 " safely did - read my review ) . 4. then they only support updates.. . for 1 year - auto-renew ! rip-off ! i got a refund , and will never use them again 
camera neg 339.txt this frame looks great until you turn it on . the picture quality is less than stellar , but that is n't what annoyed me about this frame . when you buy this frame do n't expect to view your photos at the 16:9 ratio without some work in a photo manipulation program . what does that mean you ask ? that means that your photos wo n't fill the entire screen in the 4:3 mode . you will have 2 black bars on either side of your images ; this will not take advantage of the entire frame . if you switch to the 16:9 mode your images will stretch to the width of the frame , making peoples faces distorted . i have a workaround for those who are familiar with image manipulation . see below . the build quality of the frame is pretty good . if mustek would fix the 16:9 problem and get a better quality screen , this would be a nice little frame . a little work is evolved setting up the pictures for the 16:9 ratio , but i figured it out . 16:9 stretches the image , making it look distorted . these steps compensate for the stretch and make your images appear normal . i set up a macro in photoshop allowing me to do a batch in one click of the mouse . you will just need to keep an eye out on how it crops the image . some of your images might be better served one at a time . start with an image that is 1024x768 in your image editing program . 1. go to the image size menu and change the width of the image to 77% ( or 788 pixels ) this will make the image look distorted . that is ok . 2. then go to the canvas size menu and crop the height of the image to 77% ( or 591 pixels ) the image is ready to save . you might want to save as in to another folder so you can go back to your original if needed . 3. copy your edited images on to the flash card and insert into the frame 
books neg 300.txt american pastoral was repetitious to the nth degree . i read the human stain a few years ago , and it was good . but , in pastoral , the reader is put through a zillion permutations of possible dialogs between the swede and a psychoanalyst , and between his daughter merry and a psychoanalyst , but absent the psychoanalyst : roth is our psychoanalyst . what he misses , however , is that we simply have to realize that interpersonal dynamics are sometimes beyond our control . the swede never failed as a father ; rather , he failed because he could n't let go of his sense of responsibility for her 
health pos 874.txt a friend of mine used to meet me for lunch while boasting a beautiful & glowing face from a $50.00 facial she had just received . this product ( even after the 1st use ) produced the same results & i never had to leave my home . my skin always goes through hell during the winter months when its continually exposed to artificial heat . my skin feels & looks like i 've lost about 7 years time . i 'm very , very pleased with olay . i 've used their total effects lotion for years & i did purchase the regenerist serum to apply after using the kit . this is an excellent exfoliant & hands down , the best skin regenerating product i 've ever used 
music pos 370.txt this cd is absolutely wonderful . i am in australia so strawberry shortcake merchandise is not as readily available down here as it is in the usa , so you can imagine my daughters delight when this cd is being played . the songs are just gorgeous - i just wish they were a little longer . i thoroughly recommend this item to any little ss fans . 
music pos 626.txt this is the latest entry in the lost legend series and it is the best alblum since the very first lost legends alblum release . the songs match up and compliment each other better than any of the previous alblums in this series , so well that it sounds like a dance alblum . i give it a high recommendation for any surf music fan . try alldirect.com for the best prices on this series of alblums 
camera pos 972.txt i have own this camcorder for 6 month it 's a good camcorder , esay to use , easy to bring as it 's design purpose , pc-55 is enough for home use only one thing i want to mention here , before i buy this camcorder , i thought that i can record video on ms duo in mepg format , and it 's easy for post-edit on pc , you know , tansfer a minidv tape to computer may need a huge space to save . however , when i replay the video which stored on ms , the sreen was full of mosaic fortunately , when use dv type to record , this situation never happens . good quality . the one press photo button also becomes useless because the bad quality 
music pos 299.txt hey ! ....it 's johnny cash ! you ca n't go wrong purchasing anything by johnny cash . 
software neg 283.txt while installing norton antivirus 2007 xp , a norton message flashed that i must delete webroot for msn . i did it , and it resulted in crashing the session . tried first the paying phone support and gave up after 2 hrs wait . then ried the online chat . the wait went on for 9hrs , started #245 in the queue and by now in lline at #59 i realized this was not the norton i 'd used for so many years , i ordered kapersky anti-virus . 
music pos 93.txt collin has done it again . i did n't think i 'd enjoy a cd as much as his & quot ; the walls came down , & quot ; but & quot ; tracks&quot ; is just great . every song is better than the last . you ca n't go wrong with collin raye and you ca n't find anyone with a better voice . buy this one 
music pos 49.txt nothing at all like boy-band cds ( insync , backstreet boys , etc like editorial compared it to ) . while some of the songs are over-processed and do n't allow clay 's strong , clear , and beautiful voice to shine through enough , it is overall a very good cd . it has some catchy tunes on it . his second cd , merry christmas with love , allows his wonderful voice to shine through even more 
dvd pos 674.txt i echo most of the previous reviews . this hayley mills vehicle has little to do with the excellent mary stewart novel that it shares some of its title with . hayley was too young to be the novel 's heroine , and so for this film the plot and romance were ' youthened ' , sanitized ( though the novel 's romance was also chaste ) and also very much dumbed down . as a featherweight hayley mills film , this is harmless , and very much a lesser - disney film of the 60s . just do n't expect this to be more than it is and you might enjoy it , even with your kids of today , as a retro laugh 
camera pos 319.txt this gadget is a must-have for gadget lovers.....and picture lovers . it is compact , solid and fits any small pocket or clutch bag . the images are crisp if you get it set appropriately . if you love attention get this product and if you do n't .....not to worry the camera gets all of it . 
books neg 401.txt i have 50 pages to go and i ca n't wait to finish this boring waste of time . very predictable , sappy , sweet and quite meaningless . i give it a minus 1 
camera neg 40.txt i bought this lens based on the super telephoto ability and low cost . you truly get what you pay for , and this thing is n't worth a plug nickel . i took a few shots on a tripod and could not believe how terrible this lens was @ 300mm ( 480mm on a digital rebel xt ) . incredibly soft . even stopped down , i would never want to make an enlargement from it . stay away . do n't believe the fools who are novices , you will be disappointed with this lens . you 're much better off to buy the older & used 100-300mm 5.6 ( the l version costs more too ) but both are so much better than this junker . you 're even more crazy if you think you can take decent photo 's with this lens handheld . having switched from nikon when switching to digital , i almost judged canon from this one lens , which i 'm glad i didn't . do n't waste your money or learn the hard way like i did . this lens also had terrible purple fringing , almost as bad as the kit 18-55mm . after extensive research and testing i now own and am happy with the following canon lenses : canon 10-22mm canon 28-105mm ( 3.5 version ) canon 100-300mm ( 5.6 non-l version ) i will sell for the l version when i can afford it . the kit 18-55mm makes usable shots , but when i could afford it , i sold it too . you will get better results buying a rebel xt and an older 100-300mm than you would with a brand new xti and this terrible 75-300mm lens . 
dvd neg 558.txt first of all , yes , this film was made in vancouver , with only a few shots of the manhattan skyline . when golden harvest was making this film , they had to try their best to shoot at angles that did n't show any mountains , and they had to paint grafitti each day and unpaint it each night . then jackie chan told them to simply forget all of that and focus on the action . well , action was what they focused on the most indeed . it sure is funny to see how the chinese thought of the united states at this time , because what you see in this film are hippies that drive around in trucks full of beach balls . you also get multi-ethnic gangs trashing places ( seriously , the gang has a native american with pigtails and a frayed jacket ! that 's almost offensive ) . you have fat cops that just sit around smoking cigars . you have random , small-crowd rock concerts where everyone is dressed up in animal suits ! bizarre indeed . as for the actions , this film has some of his best . the first fight scene in the grocery store is supurb , and graceful , using his jacket to dispatch enemies , and endlessly hitting the same guy in the nose over and over . he takes on the entire gang in a back alley before getting cornered , very impressive . this leads to a scene where he 's being chased around the streets of new york , where the entire gang , on motor cycles , try to run him over , and jackie must rely on his ability to run like the wind and climb like a monkey . he also does a dangerous stunt where he jumps from the roof of a parking garage onto a fire escape of another building . no harness or wiresupport ! the fight scene at the gang 's hideout is also one his best , using whatever object he can get his hands ont , and very acrobatic . also , jackie chan has to cling to a hovercraft while it drives on water and land ! some of this was done on a broken ankle ! if this dvd was uncut and undubbed , and had the original score , i 'd give it a total of three stars . unfortunately , for a so-so film , new line makes it worse . some of the dubbing is very bad . it seems as if new line dubbed some of the original english dialouge also . only very , very little of the original cantonese dialouge is there . also , the film 's original score has been redone to a more orchestrated score with slight rock . many , many scenes were cut from the original movie . not only that , but some of the action scenes were cut too . try and find an uncut version out there . this dvd you should stay away from 
books pos 218.txt the " essential histories " series from osprey could easily be compared to the cliff notes series . they 'll give you a nice introduction to a topic you are not familiar with , but no real depth . most volumns are under 100 pages ; therefore , do n't expect many " man in the trenches " stories . this volumn is a nice introduction to a recent war , and presented a bit better than most in the series 
health pos 321.txt my mom came home from rehab and needed an easy way to reach her remote , pills , magazines , eat breakfast.. . and still get the table out of the way so she could reach her walker . this type of tray was very useful in rehab . however she did n't want something the looked like the hospital . the white top with a space for a drink and pens and pencils that do n't roll away when you move the tray was perfect . she liked the white top ( vs. the wood grain in rehab ) since she could tell when it was really clean . she was also pleased with the foot rest as part of the base . this was perfect . the reason i rated this at 4 stars and not 5 stars was that the bed kit came with one incorrect size nut so i had to go to the hardware store . 
dvd neg 7.txt horror movies are a dime a dozen now , and nothing really speical about them anymore . sad to say , considering its probably my faviorte genere . this movie was a disappointment from the start . whoever did editing on this movie needs to be fired . i mean they are standing there talking , and it just cuts away when you think something is going to happen . i didnt watch the whole movie , it sucked that bad . i bought this movie used , and i 'd gladly give it back to the owner free of charge . 
camera neg 25.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
camera neg 546.txt the battery does not hold up . after 10 months it would not work at all . i thought it was the battery . emailed support and was told the battery is not replaceable . i found one and changed it out myself . the unit was just dead . warranty is 60 days . will not buy another one 
software neg 197.txt i do not like software . it always hang no matter what i did . maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? i had many many photos in my computer . 
camera neg 939.txt i purchase this instrument twice . the first time there were black specks in the lense , so it was returned . the second time was worst , i.e. same black specs but the thing did n't work at all . i have also checked this manufacturer 's other models out and most come with the disturbing black specks in the lense . this is n't a quality optical product 
dvd neg 453.txt hands down the worst episode of the masters of horror television show . it 's dull , boring , and not scary . it will leave you scratching your head saying " that 's all ? " do n't even bother with this dvd . it 's a waste of your precious time . 
health pos 670.txt the clippers are excellent quality and cut well . we have a poodle that has very thick hair . if you take your time , these clippers do a wonderful job 
software neg 323.txt i purchased this product with the hope that it will help me protect my computer without too much overhead and interference . the password manager is quite useless . in more than half the times it did not enter passwords . in cases where it entered passwords , it took about 5 seconds to do so . it also asked me if i want to store passwords repeatedly for the same site . it interfered with the operation . it did not let me go to sites like paypal and charles schwab . when i contacted symantec support , their response is to disable the phishing protection when i want to go to these sites . my quicken started having problems . i had to restore old backups and it took me 2 days to finally figure out that it is confidential that is causing the problems . i would have given this s / w 0 stars if it is possible . now , i uninstalled the software from my computer and have no intention of re-installing it . i ca n't believe that a company like symantec releases software that is so buggy and unusable 
books pos 617.txt i read the hundred penny box when i was in third grade 13 years ago . its messages of love and memory have stayed with me and will continue to do so forever . i have created my own hundred penny box and just made one for a friend 's newborn son . my grandfather was recently diagnosed with altzheimers , an illness i assume that great-great-aunt dew suffered from . i took my ratty old copy of the book to his house over easter . we read it together and discussed his own memories over the years . while his memory is fading , i felt it important to hear them myself , love them , and save them in my own memory as michael did for aunt dew . i would reccomend this book to any child who is losing a grandparent and anyone who needs a good , heartwarming story 
dvd neg 287.txt michael moore can be really funny at times , but most people should not take this goofball too seriously . about half way through ' the big one ' , i turned it off because i did not find it the least bit funny and i did n't know where moore was going . what is the point of putting in a pointless sequence where he is talking to the guitar player of cheap trick ? this is not one of his better films 
camera pos 299.txt i recently moved into the prosumer level of digital . the canon d30 has proven to be an awesome camera . there maybe better ( d60 ) , but if you are serious about digital , the d30 has to be one of the best cameras for the price . there is a slight lag between shots , but if you are not photographing speeding bullets and express trains , the time between shots is hardly a distraction 
dvd pos 714.txt hard to believe it took me until now ( february 2007 ) to finally see this excellent movie and witness the brutal language and the violent gun shootings that made scarface so popular and award-deserving back in the early 80's . i loved this movie . it really delivers with the action and the characters are all interesting , especially tony montana . a movie that deserves to be as lengthy as it is ( over 2 hours ) . everyone must see scarface at least once in their lifetime . it wo n't disappoint . the ending gave me goosebumps it was *that* good and intense . watch it now 
software neg 549.txt i tried to use this program to file a very simple return , and it calculated that i owed the state $550 for underpayment , as well as a $230 penalty for late payment . i tried working through the program several times to find the error . i found that the program was automatically checking boxes that i had n't checked ! i have no idea if that was the cause of the underpayment problem , which i was not able to resolve . in frustration , i went to [...] and filed my return easily within an hour , with a $140 return from the state rather than a $780 penalty 
camera neg 441.txt the case fits like a tight glove . i do n't like that . the camera was hard to get in and out and did n't have any pockets for straps or batteries 
music neg 954.txt what a load of junk . gu 29 cd1 was ok . everything else these two have done separately is pretty useless . make sure you hear a sample before buying this . do n't say you were n't warned . 
books pos 958.txt as mentioned , this book is amazingly compact , cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages . that conciseness also implies that much explanatory material and many illustrative examples are missing . the authors mention in the preface that " classifiers of calculus books would call this a traditional book . most theorems are proved or left as exercises to prove.. . " nearly every result in this book has an accompanying proof . for those with a serious interest in mathematics , this is a useful resource . for most others , the presence of so many proofs can be overwhelming and probably is a turnoff . included with the book is a one-page detachable reference card containing a massive amount of valuable information , including common rules for derivatives and integrals , geometric formulas , a few conversion factors , trigonometric identities and graphs ( very useful ! ) , and more . the book also has a three-page comprehensive table of integrals in the inside back cover and a listing of geometric formulas in the front , along with a commemorative timeline and portraits featuring the deceased european males who made calculus possible . given all of this , i would highly recommend this book as an 800-page calculus reference text , or maybe as a text in an honors calculus sequence that expects to use the text throughout multiple semesters - then using it saves you money . but for those who do n't have a super-strong background or interest in math , those who are just taking calculus for a requirement or those who have never seen calculus before , or for those who are just plain math-phobic - using this book just does n't make any sense . i would n't recommend it . for those who are stuck with this book for a course , i 'd suggest looking for another book to help you out . one possible book has already been mentioned in another review : silvanus thompson and martin gardner 's " calculus made easy " , a book that dates back originally to 1910 ( ! ) . i 've read parts of it , and the book looks good to me . i 'm sure that there are many other helpful books ; try checking your local / university library or looking on amazon for ideas . an extra calculus textbook that 's more student-friendly might be a good idea . as for the pages falling out , i have n't had a problem with it ( i have the 8th edition ) , but i do n't use the book all that much . i have n't found any serious errors in the text , but i have n't read everything thoroughly , having only used the text for calc iii . and , yeah , getting the student solutions manual would probably be a good idea 
health neg 488.txt the battery life is the worst of any electric razor i 've ever used . the razor does n't provide a close shave and mine broke after just three uses . the razor is very cheaply constructed and i would not recommend this to anyone . you 're better off spending twice the money to get a durable machine 
health neg 828.txt i thought they might 've improved the hgm 15 model . forget about it . both models are lousy . buy foreign . it might work better 
camera pos 973.txt i 've had this camcorder for a week now and i think it works great .. except for the touch screen feature . that takes a little getting used to .. especially when accessing the special features ( such as fader effects ) while filming . the digital still quality is poor when recording directly to the memory stick .. but the same images taken as a still from prerecorded tape is much clearer . all in all it is a good product .. just takes some getting used to 
software pos 670.txt quickbooks lives up to it 's reputation of being the one-size-fits-all small business book keeping software . it does what you want it to do . i like the feature of being able to easily sent e-mail invoices . if you need the software right away it is just as cheap at the office supply stores 
books neg 91.txt the author is a journalist , but he seems straight out of the chamber of commerce or a right-wing think tank . like business elites , the author basically does not particularly like democracy . in his view societies should be run by elites from several areas - even authoritarians if needed . he is a proponent of constitutional liberalism , based on laws , rights , especially property rights , separation of powers , with much of that power being held in unelected bodies , and most of all free-market capitalism . he finds that set of conditions to be far more important than the exercise of democracy . his low regard for democracy is easily seen in his minimal interest in the manner in which a society of laws is created or even its exact nature and who benefits . most in the west do care . rights and legal systems are not neutral : the manner of construction determines relative winners and empowerment . though the author 's real target is us society , he looks at the results of democracy over the world . and of course , he finds plenty of examples where democracy does n't work . a country in the grip of fanatics will invariably elect and support leaders who are little concerned with rights and legalisms . but it is ridiculous to imply that those situations have any bearing on democracy in the us . in the us , the author is most concerned with what he calls the democratization of society over the last fifty or so years . in actuality , he is focusing on mass culture that is spread through mass consumption as vigorously promulgated by globalizing capitalism . in this era , elites in finance , business , law , banking , health care , various media , etc have likewise been swept up , in fact are the driving force , in a money-first culture . he contends that such elites once had an ethos of service and basically kept our democracy on track via subtle pressures on the masses . it is simply a cynical misrepresentation to hold that massive shopping at wal-mart and the like represents democratic empowerment . the actual test of democracy would be the ability of a community to stop the wal-mart juggernaut . he especially decries direct citizen actions . he is correct to observe that referenda and initiatives have had unintended consequences , often being usurped by special interests with deep pockets . however , he little notes that citizens have taken those routes due to the unresponsiveness of legislative processes . it 's hard to take seriously the stance that the robber barons of the late 19th century , and their heirs , should be viewed as elites who kept our democracy on course , after bribing entire state legislatures as well as members of congress to accumulate vast sums . if citizens had actually been democratically empowered , such distortions of the political process could have been prevented . the theme that cash sanitizes crooks is as american as apple pie . his view that such unelected bodies as the supreme court and the federal reserve board prevent illiberal democracy is also questionable . who could be unaware of the politicization of those bodies : the embarrassing handling of the presidential election of 2000 or the cheerleading role of the fed during the stock market bubble of the late 1990s benefiting financial elites ? no , rule by elites has very frequency distorted and usurped democracy , not buttressed it . if the author put journalism first , instead of being an apologist for 21st century capitalism , he would note the death grip that corporations now have over our society and the political process , actually foiling democracy . first and foremost that control is solidified through the mass media and the education system , distorting and muting all challenging ideas . it is not surprising that americans have been unable to mount any significant challenge to this latest version of laissez-faire , free-market capitalism that is involved in such harmful developments as free-trade agreements , worker visa programs , massive immigration , out-of-control energy policies , broken health care systems , huge cutbacks in various safety net programs , massive redistribution of wealth upwards , the gutting of our manufacturing base , etc. the list could go on . informed , empowered citizens would not permit this system of corporate rule to exist . the us most decidedly is not in a state of too much democracy , but is in the throes of democratic failure , which election hoopla very conveniently disguises periodically . this is the story of democracy that the author chooses to ignore . it is surprising to see the fairly high ratings of this book . americans are supposedly fiercely democratic . yet here is a book that clearly advocates elite rule , even anti-democratic generals if need be . the book is really worth reading only to see the willingness of some to contain citizen empowerment . 
health neg 832.txt i really like the crane humidifiers for children , my youngest daughter has been using the penguin at night for quite some time . it occasionally glugs but the most part is very quiet . so i was confident that the apple shape my elder daughter chose would be just as good . i was surprised when it arrived as the water cannister was much flatter and smaller than i had expected and the design of the base which controled the water flow was different . still we started to use it and quickly discovered that it did n't detect the water level accurately and frequently turned itself off . this may be a fault with the one i received and so i have sent it back , or it may be a design flaw with this shape . i have just received the soccer ball and the base on this looks more like the penguin and the water cannister is more like a sphere . so although i have n't had chance to use it i am more hopeful of success . it is important to empty these humidifiers regularly and clean them , i forgot for a few days and was horrified at the build up of slimy stuff and the smell of mould in such a short time 
dvd pos 684.txt alec baldwin is tied with john goodman for the second highest appearing host of all time . so it 's only natural that he now has a best of dvd . this is not the best snl dvd , but it is still a very good one . if you already have the best of dana carvey , mike myers , steve martin , and tom hanks.. . get this one next . this dvd has a couple of not-so-good skits , but it makes up for every one . there are a lot of hilarious skits on the dvd . i 'm not going to list them , but just trust me . anyone who gives this less than four stars is out of their mind . when i first saw that the best of alec baldwin was out i didn ; t have to give it a second thought . it was at the top of my list , and it should be at the top of yours too . 
music neg 98.txt this cd is not at all what it appears to be . they got other people singing and playing the music , so it 's not what you 're probably looking for . terrible misrespresentation . i was so disappointed ! thank goodness i used my other party cd 's or my guests would have left......and i would have held the door open.....not blamed them for leaving ! 
books neg 657.txt this is the worst book of shakespeare criticism i have ever read . bloom makes no attempt to link one paragraph to the next . it reads like 30 years of lecture notes piled together haphazardly , handed to a graduate student , and entered into a computer over a weekend . he contradicts himself several times . i donated my copy to the library as soon as i was done reading it , so i cannot cite the pages where the contradictions occur ; but several times i recall reading a passage where bloom had just said the exact opposite a few pages earlier . to make matters worse , he even says the bard contradicts himself . he points to supposed paradoxes regarding hamlet 's age , stating that his seeming age does not jive with textual evidence that would put his age at about 30. apparently the point is that if shakespeare contradicts himself , so can bloom . bloom ignores the obvious conclusion that hamlet is a slacker . he has not grown up yet . that is why his parents tell him to come home from school and not to waste his time as a professional student when he should be learning how to run a kingdom . some of the book 's observations are interesting , but they are glossed over and presented as a random jumble from bloom 's notes . interespersed between the passages scribbled down from bloom 's lectures are outbursts where bloom reminds us that shakespeare is without any question whatsover the greatest writer , in verse or prose , who ever lived . bloom is a great critic when he still tries , but in this book he was not even trying 
health neg 390.txt this heating pad was received as a gift to replace the sunbeam heating pad i had used for 35 years and had finally worn out . i was delighted with the larger size , but the new pad did not heat at all . i returned it to homedics ( along with the $5 handling charge ) , and two months later they sent a replacement . the replacement heats up , but after one use the pad was hopelessly twisted . it almost looks like it has melted to itself , and it ca n't be flattened out . i wo n't be sending this one back with another $5 handling charge- -it is n't worth it . this one goes out with the trash , and i go back to sunbeam . 
music pos 176.txt a quality album from richard . long time fans will not be disappointed . it will win over quite a few new fans as well with it great guitars and snappy lyrics 
music neg 542.txt you 'll find better works out there , particularly if you 're a miles fan . the emphasis here is on milt jackson and his vibraphone , which gives the album a light , airy feeling . missing is much of miles ' horn and sentiment . you also get a bit shortchanged with a mere 30 minutes of music . i would call this a & quot ; pleasant&quot ; album , which in my jazz-world is not a happy thing 
music pos 422.txt only 2 words can describe this great cd and they are ( simply incerdible ) im only 17 but i know great oldschool when i hear it and this is fantastic musi 
software pos 772.txt do n't expect to receive this by christmas even though it says " in stock " . i ordered this on dec. 14th and just received word today , the 20th , that it is not expected to ship until the end of january , early february . so if you need it for a specific occasion , do n't count on it getting there in time 
books neg 920.txt this book is typical for many of its kind , just a man-hating drivel from feminists...and otherwise good for nothing 
music pos 601.txt .and so worth the price of admission . 6 cds worth to be exact . coleman 's musical voice is so free and full of life ! it really is beautiful 
health neg 250.txt i had an old caruso molecular setter that finally conked out . i thought the ion feature of this would be great . the clicking is annoying , but if it worked , i would n't mind . this puts out way less steam , causing the amount of time it takes to heat a curler much longer than the old system . then , after all that , it only curls about 1 / 2 as much . so , it takes longer for less curl- -not worth it . i hope i can get another caruso , but i hear they have problems now , too . ahhhh , remember the good old days when things worked 
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly . 
dvd neg 803.txt alright....own up . which idiots are responsible for the release of this " musicals " collection ? since when have " pinky " and " island in the sun " been musicals ? ? ? ? ? these two movies are hard hitting dramas with a similar inter-racial relationships theme . would someone please tell them that , just because harry belafonte sings the title song over the credits , this does not make " island in the sun " a musical . i suppose in their book , because shirley bassey sings the title song over the credits , this makes " goldfinger " a musical too ? ? it makes me so mad that we have idiots in charge of releasing these great old movies who have no idea what they are doing . it seems to be a case of " ..oh , just grab six movies off that shelf and lump them together . " . if they do n't know which are the best titles to release in a certain set , why do n't they ask someone who does know ? 
health neg 811.txt i have been trying to suppress my appetite for awhile . i took trimspa 32 and i think that it did better than this product . i have been taking it for a week , and along with that , i have been substituting a nutrition shake for breakfast and a salad for lunch , plus working out . dinners are healthy about 5 days out of the week . i 've noticed no change . i am taking these to be able to eat significantly less and still work out . i 'm very hungry before lunch and when i get home i have to take a nap and ca n't work out until later in the evening . i really have noticed no change at all in my appetite or my energy level , which is really unfortunate 
software neg 816.txt i installed the product hoping it would help me with all the errors i was getting ( i have windows xp ) . well , 2 weeks and $200 it 's what it took for me to have my computer repaired . it would not let me log on to windows , i got errors i 've never seen and it completely messed all my files . big waste of money . i had to re-format my hard drive and my computer is only 1 month old ! ! 
camera neg 327.txt very slow storage even with a fast card....small but too thick for comfortable handling . i ended up selling it on ebay and buying a canon sd600 which is a great camera , thin enough to fit in your shirt pocket , fast storage of images and the battery lasts a very long time . i 've charged it once and have taken many many holiday pictures . do n't buy the nikon without first checking out the canon sd600. 
music neg 102.txt very possibly the worst cd i have ever heard in my life . i could barely force myself to listen until the last song was blissfully over . this is not music . it is stupid noise ! 
dvd pos 327.txt i was fourteen years old when i attended the new york premier of this movie at the rivoli theater . i have the original premier book from the theater ; which is not for sale . i immediately fell in love with the beautiful ingrid bergman . so did millions of other young men . this movie did not win the award of the year ; it was overshadowed by " casablanca " ; which in my estimation , was of inferior quality , compared to for whom the bell tolls . bob richard 
software neg 293.txt caution : giving this software to your enemies will gaurantee that they will become mortal enemies , if they are not so already . 1 star is overrating this " product " . i am only writing this review to satify some sort of altruistic urge . this software is n't worth a second more of your time . just click a link now . good bye ! you are still there ? ok , read on . i write computer code ( c++ , java , c# ) for a living and i could not get this software to work correctly . starting up the " main console " application ( read : service ) kept turning off the firewall ( service ) . i could turn on the firewall - but only if the main service was off . brilliant ! well done guys on this festering sore of a pile of software . glad i got my $50 back with the rebates , they should have paid me at least $100 for the wasted time . i spent an hour with their help , chat ( which was slow and ineffective ) and another 30 minutes tweaking the registry , all to no avail , but lots of frustration . i 'm looking for another firewall / virus solution now 
music neg 362.txt remember the days when we were punks and we 'd gather ' round the phonograph and listen to some puccini on the old edison cylinders ? they held up to 4 minutes of music ! count ' em , 4 minutes ! then that hippie opera singer enrico caruso came along and all the young punks would listen to him , including myself . he was quite the singer . when i was a young kid though , the only form of music we had were the concerts . i remember seeing franz liszt play the piano in concert , quite an amazing virtuoso , and johann strauss jr. conducting his orchestra , those were the days . then they came out with those things called grammophones , which were even more modern , if it was even possible . but it was , because then they came out with a new modified version of the phonograph that all the young punks would listen to , lazy kids . i mean , you did n't even have to crank a handle like you had to with grammophones . and what 's this , 1 hour , a full 60 minutes of music , on 1 record ? pshaw ! 4 minutes of music was all i needed , and i was still pooped out even after that . in my day , it was bed at 4 p.m. , breakfast at 2 a.m. , then off to the mines . we did n't have 60 minutes of free time . i have no idea what form of music they have now . appearently , they came out with a couple other things after the phonograph . now all i see these days are kids with their fancy eye-pods ( ? ) and mp3 , mp4 players , whatever they 're called , listening to that " hip-hop " tomfoolery of theirs . you ca n't even call it music , it 's just noise . well , gotta get ready for bed now , it 's almost 3:45 
books neg 937.txt erickson , a notorious communist and bogus half baked historian is not to be trusted with his works , all based on bogus , doctored and unrelaible soviet semi fictions intended to advance the cause of bolshevik invincability . 
books pos 747.txt for over three years i 've been studying buddhism and zen . during that time i 've ordered many books within the different buddhist schools . there are many fine authors out there that explain the tenets and fine workings of buddhism as well as zen . i believe a solid background in buddhism background is essential in understanding buddha 's message to mankind . however , the true " nuts and bolts " of buddhism practice can be found most directly in zen . it is one thing to know something about a religion or way of life yet it is another to be able to apply it . ezra bayda has most succinctly given the best instruction of how to apply zen to one 's life where we need it the most ; during those moments when we are gripped with our core pain . core pain is comprised of our anger , traumas , sadness , feelings of inferiority , etc. it is this core pain that can make our life a living hell . ezra examines these emotions and teaches us how we can mindfully learn to transform them in a way that truly works . instead of denying them or trying to escape them we learn that they are part of our path in life . and while it takes courage to be present with these emotions we learn that they are but old programs and often ancient belief systems that take us away from the genuine life we all deserve . at least one reader has referred to this as being like a self-help book . yet anytime we look for truth whether it be in religion or psychology , are n't we looking for something to help us . ezra offers us the tools to achieve transformation in our life . when i ordered this book i had hoped it would teach me how to truly apply zen teachings to my life . what i did n't realize is that the information this book contains would exceed anything i have read in any religious book , psychology book , or college text . another reviewer said " where 's the zen " in reference to the contents of this book . " the zen " is there on every page . while ezra does n't use the esoteric style of writing common in zen / buddhist teaching , his simple clearcut way of communication exemplifies the simpleness that zen is truly about . ezra 's other two books " at home in the muddy water " and " saying yes to life " are excellent as well and deepen your understanding of living mindfully and in the moment . a helpful hint , read his three books in chronological order with this book first . personally , i think that reading them in order adds to a person 's understanding and that each book acts like a foundation for the next . ezra bayda i have not had the honor of meeting you personally yet i thank you most sincerely for the gift of your writings . i bow to you for you are a master ! there are many of us i 'm sure that are looking forward to your future works . two other excellent zen books that teach mindful living and dealing with difficult emotions are " beginning mindfulness : learning the way of awareness " by andrew weiss and " at hell 's gate : a soldier 's journey " by claude anshin thomas . also , the writing 's of thich nhat hanh , a great man who highly influenced both of these authors , teaches the art of mindful living in a very understandable manner . good luck to you on the path . 
music neg 256.txt bob james - the mastermind of smooth jazz . " h " , " touchdown " , " grand piano cannyon " . eternal pieces of art. brave and thoughtful new directions in jazz . we owe him a lot . but the recent releases of fourplay -including " x " - do n't meet my expectations at all : predictable , repetitive , overproduced computer-music . the typical fourplay sound squeezed out like a lemon in another cd . larrys guitar playing takes a nice direction on " tournabout " - but then the song falls back again to old routine . " screenplay " is a good one ( one of two songs that were done by bob ) . the rest , hmm.. . some nice solos constricted in predictabiltiy . do n't get me wrong , i like all of the guys . every single member of the group has done great things in the past . so - a bit more breveness , yes please 
camera pos 700.txt i have to get on the bandwagon here . this is a superb little camera , definately five stars ! i also have the tz1 , which showed promise , but has limitations . in my review of the tz1 , i noted it had lots of " noise " and pictures should n't be printed much beyond 4x6 inches if they were to be sharp . i also wanted more manual controls . the tz3 fixes and improves almost everything about the tz1 and adds some new , very useful features . the noise has been drastically reduced , the lens is better , the sensor is bigger , and the processor is not only faster , but produces better pictures . the tz3 adds a very handy " function " button - or i should say function capability - the number of buttons is the same - which gives immediate access to five or so " most used " settings without having to go into the menues - of which there are several . the tz3 keeps the mega optical image stabilization and adds intelligent iso , increases the sensitivity without adding noise , ( i have not tried the 3200 setting yet . ) , increases the size of the viewing screen , etc. , etc. the tz3 is a " well-rounded , " and very capable camera . there is simply no comparison between the tz1 and the tz3 as far as the quality of the pictures . the tz3 wins hands down . in my opinion it also beats some big name , higher priced digicams - a couple of which i own - rather handily . of course , the big selling point for the tz3 is still the 10x lens - now with wide angle capability - on a pocket-sized point and shoot camera . this lens is sharp , and combined with larger sensor and the new processor yields some excellent results . while there are no manual controls , per se , the camera seems to do very well without them . pictures are sharp , exposures seem nicely done ( have n't tried it at night yet , but low light forrest shots were excellent ) , colors were accurate , appropriately saturated , and vivid ( ok . i like the vivid setting . ) , good contrast , etc. there are a variety of af settings , settable focal points , and focus modes . there is also exposure compensation , and exposure bracketing available - and they work well ! the live histogram is a welcome bonus . the tz3 focuses down to about 2 inches in macro mode - again with excellent , sharp results . the tz3 is very well speced out . one nice thing that is gone is the lens cap on the tz1. it was really not to inconvenient , but seemed always to be swinging in the wind to add yet another source of camera shake . the tz3 lens includes an built in lens cover . very welcome . i currently own five top flight digicams ( including this one ) , and have owned about that many others , i am most impressed with this one - for combined convenience and results . it is a quantum step forward . i also have a couple of quite nice , and fairly complete dslr kits . they are wonderful , and in a class by themselves , but when i want very nice pictures and the convenience of a pocketable point and shoot with a 10x , wide angle lens , or a back up for the dslrs , the tz3 is now my camera of choice . 
health neg 228.txt i am on my second zadro led lighted fogless mirror - yes , customer service was decent and they sent me a new one . however , the initial problem was repeated plus some - - it fogs up despite following directions , using their spray , and using words i shoul n't repeat here . additionally , the clock runs slow and one of the two lights is out after only a few months . one good thing is that suction cups still hold it up as long as i press them in every week . this product has problems which make a mockery of its " zfogless " claim . save yourself the trouble - - do n't buy it 
books pos 69.txt i read an interview with mr. vollman , i think a couple years ago , i ca n't quote directly but he said he thought that prostitutes were very spiritual people . they save marriages , they provide comfort to the loneliest , most desperate among us . in practically the same breath he observed that they spread disease and sometimes rob their johns . that kind of duality is at the heart of much of vollman 's writing . on the surface , whores for gloria is one desperate , delusional man , so eager for even the illusion of relatedness that he attempts to recreate gloria with bits and pieces of other prostitutes . it is n't fully clear if gloria herself was ever real , but regardless , it is now a quest to fill that void collage style with physical samples , such as hair clippings , as well as emotional artifacts . the most poignant scene may be the protagonist hiring a prostitute , and wanting nothing more than to hear happy childhood memories . the prostitute complies as best she can but , story after story , the narratives veer into disturbing material . the hardest thing for the human to do is to hold opposite opinions about one thing at the same time . the more intelligent and observant one is , the more painfully aware of the absurdity of this task , the more painfully aware of the mental contortions necessary to maintain the illusion of meaning . this is where the magic lies in true artistc genius , such as a thelonius monk solo or , in this case , vollman 's writing . i 've never read anything that better communicates simultaneous beauty and ugliness . and no better forum than gutter sex , which vollman renders both repulsive and compelling . and he does n't do it by being overly clever . he does it through the chaos of brute honesty . whatever compositional gymnastics go into the writing , the end product is very readable and deceptively simple 
music pos 990.txt i 'm not particularly familiar with sonic youth and the bits i 've heard from their other albums have n't really grabbed me . this does . the rhythm section would n't be out of place in pseudo-tribal funk , the guitars are dissonant , jangling , sometimes hypnotically repetitive , and just plain weird , and the vocals are distant , airy , lazy . some of the best music i 've heard in a good long while 
health neg 580.txt this protien works well to curb my appitite for hours on end , but it has a horrible taste and texture . the closest thing i can relate it to is chocolate-burned egg tasting boogers . i would not purchase this product again . i would , however , purchase from the vender again because it is not their fault that this protien tastes so bad 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
books neg 826.txt i grew up reading harold evan 's sunday times - in the late 1970s it provided a window on the world that few other papers could . i particularly remember comprehensive coverage of egyptian president sadats historic visit to jerusalem ; ongoing coverage of soviet dissidents and a very welcome ( i 'm irish ) editorial urging britain to consider withdrawal from northern ireland . however , from today 's perspective , the paper 's foreign coverage seemed to be written from a point of view which could be summarised as ` what would the world do without henry kissinger ? ' [indeed this has always seemed to be mr. kissinger 's view also] ; and that soviet unreasonableness was a product of american hawkish unreasonableness and that balance , compromise and reasonableness were achievable with enough negotiation . my memory is of positive disdain for the emerging tax revolt in california and absolute dread at the more confrontational foreign policy approach being urged by followers of governor reagan . a major positive for me was the explanatory diagrams and the furtively taken photographs of soviet missiles ( ss-20s ? ) being deployed in russian forests . i was reminded of these diagrams in 2002 / 3 when the modern sunday times gave excellent descriptions - supported by diagrams - of saddam 's mobile chemical / biological weapons labs - which turned out not to exist . in saying all the above , i mean both to pay tribute to harold evans and to put in context the criticisms i have of this book - which contains descriptions of his triumphs as sunday times editor and his difficulties as times editor under rupert murdoch . the book has three sections - the first describes some of the episodes which made evan 's sunday times great - the investigative reports from the insight team and others , of malicious cover-ups of poor quality in the pharmaceutical industry ( thalidomide ) and the aircraft industry ( mcdonnell douglas ) ; the publication of the crossman diaries - laying bare the rivalries and mutual disdain of the members of the british labour cabinet . having established his credentials as a ` vertical ' journalist - evan 's term , which he describes as ` seeking to get to the bottom of things ' - and lauding his proprietors , the thomson 's , for allowing him to do so , the second part of the book deals with the advent of mr. murdoch as owner . the machinations of murdoch to gain control are fascinating , the thomson 's were drained both financially and personally by the losses induced by union activity , and they secretly dealt with murdoch while other offers were being pursued by the editors . murdoch eventually won ownership of both the times and sunday times , having given guarantees of editorial freedom to a board of ` national directors ' , guarantees , which if breached , were theoretically amenable to criminal legal sanction . as part of the change of ownership evans was offered the editorship of the times - one of the free worlds most revered titles . in his description of the paper , evans reveals an almost po-faced reverence for the place of the times as part of the british establishment - he sees it as the paper of record , upholding fair , non-partisan and accurate journalism which british society has come to expect . one feature of this is his constant enumeration of people 's educational background , almost every colleague is named and then his / her school and university are listed - for example joe smith , winchester , oxford , to establish both social class and academic ( perhaps intellectual ) credentials . he documents the ` four pillars ' of the times as its reporting of parliament , its legal coverage , its obituaries and its leader columns . oh dear ! stolid stuff , from the fearless , vertical , investigative editor . nonetheless this section contains fascinating accounts of evan 's new broom editorship coming to terms with the rather lazy attitude to scoops and freshness of news which , by implication , criticise his predecessor as editor ( william rees mogg ) ; and show that change was indeed necessary at the institution . looming behind this story is murdoch 's general management style - haphazard interventions , secretive finances and lack of budgeting and planning . from the text it seems to me that murdoch was overstretched with transatlantic acquisitions , rather than covertly scheming to undermine evans . the third section of the book reads a bit like macbeth - murdoch plots to renege on his guarantees and to impose his will on the editors . the text here is well paced and descriptive - the tension plays havoc with everyone , save perhaps murdoch , evan 's second-in-command betrays him , various functionaries within the paper either resign or become lackeys , the ` national directors ' turn out to be paper tigers ( this is too good a pun to delete ) , the thatcher government sides with murdoch and fails to taken any action as the guarantees are broken , piecemeal . the thrust of this section reveals evans as tragic hero , valiantly striving to uphold freedom of speech against the devious , double-dealing murdoch , whose lackeys live in fear of his disapproval . however , by the time i got to this section i had , sadly , lost a lot of respect for evan 's impartiality , his defence of press freedom seemed to me to cloak an innate inability to face change in the form of new commercial and political realities . this was reaffirmed in my mind when , on the day that evan 's agreed to reign , who should phone to commiserate but henry kissinger ! in the end i think the book is important in that it is illustrates that one important feature of change and leadership is that they are neither comfortable nor , initially at least , popular . evans , though personally engaging - and i 'm sure mercurial and demanding - came to represent a set of fading political beliefs . the change occurring at the times these events described were taking place saw the emergence of economic individualism unleashed by lowering taxation rates ; the antipathy to organised labour and active military competition with the soviet union . the fading , indeed failing , social democratic consensus was overthrown by a more individualistic and competitive set of beliefs and the process was quite ugly , given the sincerely held beliefs on both sides . i believe evans and murdoch were representative shadows of this change . the rest of the story - evans attractive forthrightness , murdoch 's furtive acquisitiveness - while the human interest focus of the story , are ultimately a side show . this book is well told , highly dramatic and engaging , however seen at a remove of twenty five years it is a lament from someone who worked hard to become part of an establishment whose day was done . 
books neg 114.txt i looked for an introduction to the basics of office automation and bought this book . every example code i tried was incorrect and the examples are just all trivial . samples from the msdn was just as good as this book . if you only need a rough overview what technologies are out there , this book is ok . but for any real programming it is not very useful . 
camera neg 751.txt i bought this with my camera and i guess i didnt realize i could get 3 sony tapes at walmart for the same price . my bad . but i would recommend you get the sony ones locally versus spending $14 on one tape 
dvd pos 442.txt while this dvd was obviously filmed in the early 1970s with the picture quality to match at times , the genius of david bowie shines through . as adults too young to remember or have seen ziggy stardust , it was an amazing look at the time period . the sound quality is suprisingly good , although some camera angles are distracting at times . it was also neat to hear bowie 's pronouncement of " this is our last tour ever . " little did he know.. . this dvd is worth every penny . rock on 
software neg 634.txt i am not a bookkeeper . without bookkeeping software i would be lost ! i own a small business and help keep books for a friend 's business . i have quickbooks from 1996 and love it so i convinced my friend to get this newer version . i am very disappointed with the format and see very little similarity between them . aarrrgh ! 
dvd pos 84.txt i have loved thie movie ever since seeing it on late night tv . i had to search a long time to find it on video before dvd was an option and i have been waiting impatiently for release on dvd since my vhs is wearing out . the gradual awakening of young ta to which girl is truly right for him and sammy fong 's attempt to disillusion his picture bride are priceless although the latter was often cut out during late night broadcasts . the ballet is sublime even though you can tell when they switched from james shigeta to a professional dancer . afterall , it 's the music and the story that make this great . 
camera neg 14.txt polarizing filters are used to eliminate glare on non-metallic surfaces like glass or water . they can also be used to increase the contrast and color saturation of your image . i use my polarizer not only to eliminate glare , but also to make skies a nice shade of blue or to get some " pop " out of clouds . there are so many options to consider when purchasing the polarizing filter for your needs . for instance , linear vs. circular , film or digital versions , or quality vs. price . if you are making use of a ttl or auto-focusing system , circular polarizers are designed to work with those features . linear polarizers has their uses , but they are manufactured differently and may not work . unless you are certain , just get a circular polarizing filter . there are some digital circular polarizers on the market . i am not sure what makes a cir-pl lens better for digital as opposed to film . i use a canon 20d digital slr and see no problems caused by using a supposed non-digital filter on a digital camera . most of the time , when it comes to filters ; you get what you pay for . does that mean you need an expensive polarizer ? of course not , just be sure to get the right filter for your needs . what ever polarizing filter you get , make sure it is color neutral to prevent unwanted tinting . spending more on a color balanced filter will save time in post . if you need multiple filter sizes , consider saving money by using step down rings . currently i use the hoya pro1 filters , as the canon polarizing filters i previously owned were without question bulkier and heavier . the weight might not seem like much , but when you stick all your items in a backpack all the extra bits of weight add up quickly . i can spend a good amount of time with my equipment on my back so this is a big concern for me . when it came down to the images , at times i would see a browning tint on my photos . the tint is easy to clean up in photoshop cs2 , but i do n't see that problem with the hoya pro1 filter . overall , i would recommend against the canon polarizing filters . i originally thought , " it is canon , it must be quality . " since then i have replaced all my canon filters . this filter works , but comes at a cost of disadvantages to other similarly priced filters . pros : can be used for film or digital cameras eliminates internal reflections and ghosting cons : bulky and heavy not neutral color balance 
books pos 877.txt the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols by robert beer ( who has studied and practice tibetan thanga painting for more than thirty years ) is a straightforward reference guide to the meaningful symbolism of sacred tibetan art . black-and-white illustrations depict all the major buddhist symbols and motifs , while the text offers depth and interpretation behind the meaning and usage of each . the handbook of tibetan buddhist symbols is enthusiastically recommended for inclusion into buddhist studies and especially informative for connoisseurs of tibetan art 
dvd neg 79.txt i loved these guys as a kid . this collection sucks ! ! ! do n't buy it ! the first 3 dvd 's are silent and the 5th dvd is a reunion show . the grand total for shows you can actually watch is 4. take your time and search out the specific shows and characters you love and get them individually . if i could get my money back i would run to the nearest post office and return this item asap ! ! 
dvd pos 808.txt this is a great dvd . i bought it for my son , who has special needs . he attends a lot of dances and is always on the dance floor , but has never been able to figure out how to do the electric slide or macarena . neither my husband nor i knew how to do these dances either . i played the " party line dances " dvd , and asked my son to follow shawn 's instructions . pretty soon he was moving along with shawn , and doing very well . and by joining a few of our son 's practices , my husband and i quickly picked up the dance moves too . my son now participates fully , and we look forward to line dancing at our own occasions 
music neg 194.txt i 'm surprised this show got past season 1. honestly , more talent can be found in my local karaoke bar . this show does not discover talent , they produce and market it . it is really demeaning to musicians everywhere . the judges are a joke , i guess the producers tell them what to say . simon " the jerk " cowell tries hard to be rude to everyone , hey...he has made a living out of it . randy jackson 's vocab is limited to " yo " , " yeah " and " dawg " . paula , who 's the only one who i think deserves to even comment on the singers..unfortunately praises everyone , be it for their performance / energy / character / looks / ( fill with any word of your choice ) . all in all , a total disaster...only in shows this sh*tty , can no-talents like william hung be hailed as a celebrity . i am shocked people other than the families of those participating would actually spend time and money voting for these posers . on a more positive note , it 's good that people do n't actually buy the albums , thus resulting in total disappearing acts from idol winners like ruben and fantasia...now we just need the american public to stop tuning in to the shows . well , hope is all we have , right 
software neg 606.txt this was my first time to ever attempt using a software program to file my taxes . turbotax sounded easy enough . and it was pretty easy at first . the software interviewed me in an efficent manner and saved all of my information . but the final tax forms i needed to file with were not included on the cd-rom package . turbotax instructed me to get them by using " one-click update . " well after i update and attempt to restart the software , turbotax refuses to come up at all . i ca n't speak for this software on windows machines . but if you are using mac os x , i suggest you explore other options first 
music pos 367.txt while not dissimilar to other excellent acts such as coldplay , keane , and pete yorn , travis have distinguished themselves as a band with their own unique style and sound . this , their 2nd album , is the best of their music : melodic throughout , with catchy tunes , solid lyrics , and tremendous guitar work that captures the listener from the first chords of ' sing ' to the fade-out from ' the humpty dumpty love song' . if you buy an album once you know three or four or more of its songs are excellent , then i confidently recommend the invisible band to you . rating each song individually for one 's ipod : 1. sing , side , the cage , afterglow and the humpty dumpty love song are each worthy of four to five stars 2. pipe dreams , flowers in the window , safe , follow the light , and indefinitely are three to four star songs 3. the balance are two to three stars each . the only poor effort is probably " last train " , which is too plodding relative to its counterparts the invisible band is basically a healthy mix of folksy , hopeful songs mixed with just the right amount of melancholy . nowhere is this better reflected than in ' the humpty dumpty love song ' , which defines this mix perfectly . while this is the best of the album , the rest is well worth listening to repeatedly . highly recommended 
dvd pos 323.txt i 've never been quite a fan of music dvds . by that i mean the live stuff . i much rather be there to experience it then sit at home pretending i 'm there . that 's one side of it . i 'm also a huuuuuge gorillaz fan . and i have seen them live . the show to their self titled debut . but do n't get me wrong , that does n't make me biased towards everything they put out . on the contrary it leaves me to judge them on a higher level because i only expect the best from what they 've given . with that said , this has to be literally one of the best music dvds i have encountered in quite some time . do n't worry about extras , documentaries , which while would have been nice to show how it was put together , are not here . which makes sense since the band itself is very discreet they would n't show you all that . the show itself was amazing , and it literally jumps off screen as you watch this , and i recommend you have a decent audio system as well . the amazing sound quality coupled by the beautiful visuals is astonishingly done well . the editing and the post production were so well conceived they worked on this like a labour of love and not just another dvd to sell . from start to end it will leave you speechless . as you stare in awe at the grandioso that is the gorillaz , you realise that while at first you figured them to be a fictious band in every aspect , they are quite real and very capable of producing grand music on every level . you can tell by this by the standing ovation and after the show and after the encore . only few bands have ever been able to touch me musically on such a deep level . and to put on such a show which normally you could only catch at the studio over a period of months to produce is a feat in itself . if you want special features videos and documentaries get the 2 other dvds especially now since they just released their newest one . those will fill in all that nicely . but even if you 're not a fan or just a new convert , i highly recommend you own this . no matter the age , or person you are , ( you notice this on the dvd as well ) and regardless of what your favourite genre is . because they are so massive they ca n't be contained into one . thank you damon and jamie for such an experience , mates 
software neg 751.txt my son had an earlier version of math blaster , it was wonderful . i saw this new version and expected more of the same . wrong ! ! after 10 minutes of loud sounds , and pulsing video , he was complaining . it was impossible to focus on what he should do with all the distracting background stuff . never could get to a point where learning might take place . wish i could get my money back . after this disaster , we purchased mia 's math adventure . this was more in tune with the first math blaster . 
camera pos 370.txt this kit is a must have for any of the compatible canon cameras . digital camera rule #1 : always carry a spare battery - the kit is almost worth it for that alone . the leather case is great : stylish looks that provides a tough protective armor in case you drop the camera . the neck strap is quite strong and looks good too . it may not be everyone 's cup of tea but i like it . it comes in handy when i need quick access to the camera and do n't want to fumble through pockets or bags 
camera pos 507.txt very nice bag and well made . however , i bought it for the canon dc100 dvd camcorder and found it a little small for carrying all the equipment ( cords and charger ) . 
music neg 795.txt i loved " come away with me " the first moment i heard it . i also had the opportunity to see norah and her wonderful band in concert ... the experience was absolutely fantastic ! i could n't have asked for a better ! so naturally i waited in eager anticipation for her new album " feels like home " which after only one listen made me feel narcoleptic . it was a good thing i did n't try and listen to it while driving . to be perfectly honest , i have n't listened to it since . she is so talented , i wish this effort had been as successful as the first , but not everyone hits a homerun each time at bat . but i still hold out hope that her next album will be better 
music pos 876.txt incredible follow up to rated r which i did n't think could be equaled and they did . flat out incredible songwriting , amazing vocal identity and muscianship at its best . if you grew up in the 70 's as i did and miss those albums that you would play constantly from beginning to end then this album is for you . " go with the flow " is one of the greatest rock singles of all time but you wo n't be skipping any songs on this disc . baby boomers rejoice , rock is back 
dvd pos 407.txt by winning their third title in four years the same year that the baseball team that defines the hopes and dreams of generations of new englanders wins its first world series in 86 years . it 's true , the patriots somehow pieced together a team that , despite a string of injuries that seemed to defy all rationality and managed to finish a second consecutive campaign as super bowl champions with a 17-2 record ( which just as easily could have / should have been 18-1 ) ...but the 2004 boston red sox completely sucked the oxygen out of the american sports atmosphere and somehow the 2004 patriots season just does n't seem to measure up to the previous title years of 2001 and 2003. part of the reason is that the previous years seemed to have their own personalities ( 2001 having 9 / 11 , the coming-of-age of tom brady , the snow bowl , and the unbelievable finish of what was probably the most exciting super bowl ever . 2003 had the release of lawyer milloy , the early stumbles to buffalo and washington , the birth of the winning streak , winter weather in foxboro , and yet another thrilling super bowl finish ) ; 2004 just seemed like an anticlimax by comparison , like you were watching a scripted performance that was always going to end with the " w " on the patriots ' side of the field . this is not to say that there were not intriguing challenges that made for good storytelling...the injuries ( leading to the incredible " throwback " two-way play of veteran wide receiver / rookie cornerback troy brown ) , the continued winning streak , the rebirth of offseason acquisition corey dillon , the continuing mastery of the indianapolis colts , and the return to pittsburgh ( where the record 21-game winning streak came to an emphatic end on halloween ( just days after the red sox won the world series , karmically enough ) , where university of michigan graduate tom brady resurrected himself from a triple-digit fever the night before to thoroughly dismantle the best regarded defense in the nfl to send the patriots back to the super bowl , this time in the unfairly maligned city of jacksonville , fl . no nail-biting endings this time , though...despite the best efforts of terrell owens to come back from a leg and ankle injury that would have ended the season of anyone else ( with the possible exception of curt schilling , of course ) , the eagles all-pro was clearly the second-best receiver on the field as deion branch won the super bowl mvp for a record day ( safetyman and render of mayhem extraordinaire rodney harrison would have been my pick , actually ) and the patriots , though trailing early , never really seemed in doubt of winning a game they led by 10 points late before prevailing by the final score of 24-21 which in truth flattered the eagles more than they deserved . far be it that a season ending with a record of 17-2 and another super bowl ring should be considered hum-drum , but there was something missing from the 2004 campaign that , impressive as it was , just does n't translate to the memorable re-telling that the pats ' previous title years do . this is a great dvd for pats fans , indispensible even , but for the casual fan who appreciates the drama that a good nfl season can bring , i would recommend either of the previous patriots highlights dvd 's over this one 
dvd pos 110.txt i will be utterly honest , i do n't buy music cds anymore . with so many bands hitting the streets faster than i can imagine , i honestly cannot keep up with them all . music begins to sound the same , corporations seem to have their pre-determined hit prior to the public even forming their own opinion . those like the simpsons , backstreet boys , and even hip-hop artists are blending together to sound uniform , unoriginal , and overly drab . i had nearly lost my faith in music , retreating to some of my older music like dmb , counting crows , and travis , but then i found ... the suns . stumbling around the internet i discovered , shockingly , one of the videos to their album called " romantic death " . it was one of the most creative and disturbing videos that i have seen in quite some time . then it hit me , i could n't get this song out of my mind . throughout the whole day i had the beat , the lyrics , and the overall sensation of the song stuck in my mind ... and i had only heard it once . like a drug , i needed more . when i returned home that evening i found the song again and could n't stop listening to it . for the first time in a long time , i had found a new band . then , i bought this album . knowing nothing about the band except for the " romantic death " song , i put this in my dvd player and continued to be impressed . their videos are just as smart as their music . their tracks seem to cover every genre of music from folk , rock , and even hard edge . their lyrics seem well-considered , smart and a voice to a new generation . my favorites of the album are : " must be you " " romantic death " ( parental guidance is suggested ) " lost at home " " rockstop " " we tried " in fact , every time i listen to this album i find a new song to explore , a new song to jam to on the way to work ; a new song to enjoy ! for those skeptical of this band , i suggest this album to test your tastes . not only does it provide songs for you to burn onto other cds which allow friends and family to explore this band , but also all of their energetic , original videos that will never see the light of day on mtv , but can be watched from the leisure of your dvd player . the sun are a breath of fresh air to the music industry and this album finally got me out of the corporate rut that seems to be plaguing this industry . " ...if the rockstops , it 'll be all my fault.. . " grade : ***** out of ***** 
books pos 473.txt this book has a lot of insights about various ways in which the ' pace of life and learning ' have since the scientific revolution accelerated . in other words it is a book which gives one much to think about . the problem is that it also suggests that given the vast increase of information available to us , the vast increase in ' possible alternatives ' for our attention , that we will probably have our minds moved away from the insights so rapidly as to not even absorb them . the obvious reply to such an intense barrage upon our consciousness , is to withdraw . and when we withdraw and close out all that is accelerating around us , we begin to try and make a pace and story of our own within ourselves . the faster we are forced to go , the slower we may need to go . i think a companion volume , or perhaps a contradictory volume should be written on all those human activities which might be aided by our ' going slower in them' . and along with this volume should be advice and recommendation of how to keep out of our life these seemingly endless intrusions which disrupt our living by our own rhythm . " run slowly , slowly horses of the night " 
software pos 901.txt this software was easy to install . the terms and conditions of use are very clearly stated . i found the choice of difficulty levels greatly enhanced the product and challenged me . the puzzles are fun and the techniques required to play are easily understood . my one wish is that there were more varied games included... . but it is a lot of fun and is definitley challenging. . 
software pos 193.txt my dad got this for me to supplement a latin textbook i have been studying for my high school language course . it is quick and easily understandable . you get plenty of words and phrases , which is perfect for a traveler . if you want to learn the language for the sake of knowing it , not travel , however , you 'd better get a book to supplement this . it does n't teach about pluralization , verb conjugation , or other oddities that the language holds , such as , in latin , the ending -m which implies a direct object . the latin cd also does not use the dashes over the vowels ( ie .  ,  ,  ,  ,  ) . overall , i am very happy with the product and with the price of $39.99 ( usd ) , but i am also quite glad i have my textbook ( ecce romani ) to go with it 
music neg 816.txt here 's my theory in regards to how one should rate a remix album : if a song is remixed , then that remix should be better than the original song . otherwise , what 's the point ? with that being said , nu-mixx klazzics is pretty much pointless . this is nothing more than a cash in album . the people at death row / koch know that folks will continue to buy pac 's music as long as you can manage to put a new spin on it ( especially the die hards...they 'll buy anything associated with the man ) . well , the spin they put on this particular album is just plain terrible . if you have the source material , stick with that . these " remixes " do n't make the originals better , they actually make them worse . the beats sound like throw away beats from an old jt tha bigga figga album and some of the lyrics have been altered / changed so that they sound updated ( removing snoop from " 2 of amerikka 's most.. . " and distorting pac 's vocals when he says his name is just terrible ) , but these changes are only for the worst . in short , all aspects of this album are sorry . the guests are wack and the beats are generic , hollow , " clubby " beats . remember y'all , when these albums were dropped back in ' 96 the beats had more meat to them . there is one decent track though . " life goes on " gets a different look and i 'm not so sure that it 's all that bad . i find it tolerable , but i could see why why someone would n't like it . but this is coming from someone that was n't all that crazy about the original because i was n't feeling the beat . if you enjoyed the original , then stick with that . also , i like that the original version of " hit ' em up " was used here . in this version , ' pac can be heard giving props to east coast emcees that he was cool with ( thus proving that he was n't anti - east coast , just anti - bad boy ) . whoever gave the green light to have this released should be fired . it 's a shame that folks are pimping tupac 's music like this . but they 'll continue to do it as long as folks continue to buy it . i 'm drawing the line here . shame on you , suge . your label is n't relevant anymore , get over it and move on . standout tracks : do n't even waste your time looking for an 
camera neg 94.txt i purchased a 510 powershot in summer of 2005. after couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . i cound't take any picture anymore . i contacted canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix . 
books neg 488.txt this book refers to philosophical basis of buddhist practices as well as technical clasification of the states to be reached into meditative absortion . it is not a manual nor a guide . no meditation techniques nor yoga excersises can be found on the book . the style is simbolic and poetical . it is an interesting book but the name does not reflect the content . it will be interesting for people more inclined to scholarly work 
health pos 259.txt clean and crisp . defined and smooth . i use burberry by burberry for all occassions but it is great for the evening . it has woodsy notes that remind me of autumn . i am very picky about my fragrances and i only use two regularly - - eau d'issey by issey miyake is my main scent , but i do use burberry sometimes on occassion and i love it . thats it 
dvd neg 153.txt if this movie was ever going to have a chance , it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long , or never attempted in the first place . some books adapt well to being edited and condensed as a screenplay - possession just ca n't be dealt with that way . what you have as a result is another story entirely . there just was n't time enough , i guess , to develop the characters , or even to include half of them . the only character true to the book and left almost intact was sir george . the rest were stripped of their layers and everything that made them fascinating , and we are left with painful stereotypes and , in the case of roland michell , a character who seems to have wandered on to the wrong set during filming . my best advice is that if you 've read the book , skip the movie , but if you saw the movie , you should do yourself a favor and get the book 
camera neg 215.txt the camera case only works if you wear a belt- - there is no clip on . the case itself holds only the camera , not even space for a spare battery or memory card . ( i 've heard the case will darken your camera , but i did n't end up using the case ) . the neck strap is not useful , it 's too long . at ' 34 inches , if you 're not careful you could swing your camera into something and break it . ( the canon camera rocks , however . 
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism 
health neg 370.txt item does not look any thing like the picture . it is flat . i do n't feel any difference when i am setting for long periods of time 
camera pos 279.txt i absolutely love this camera . i 've told everyone i know to buy it . the picture quality is amazing . there are so many options with this tiny little camera ! you can edit pictures before you even print them . zoom in on a picture already taken and save it that way , and so much more . i take pictures of everything ! i charged the battery when i got the camera , which was about three weeks ago , and it 's still going . i have 7 / 8th of battery life left . i have n't had to charge it again . i am so happy with my purchase ! i hope this helps you 
books neg 910.txt i clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here , who will all have to forgive me for thinking that susan cooper 's " the dark is rising " is plain awful . this book was recommended to harry potter fans who have run out of hp books to read . i must say it was a waste of my time to read " dark . " never have i read a book in which no physical description is given for the hero . in this case , we are told that on his 11th birthday , an english boy named will stanton discovers he is the last of " the old ones . " unlike jk rowling who , in the first pages of harry potter & the philosopher 's ( or sorcerer 's ) stone , provides the reader with a vivid description of harry as skinny , with an unruly mop of black hair , startlingly green eyes , and , of course , a lightning-bolt scar on his forehead , cooper does not describe will stanton at all . the result is that the reader , after having read 244 pages , still cannot visualize what will looks like ! ! i also find quite annoying cooper 's approach to this good vs. evil tale . she is vague and abstract till the end as to who exactly are the old ones , and who or what exactly is the dark . as for the dark being evil , all the reader succeeds in gleaning is that the dark means cold , snow , and- -of course- -darkness . excuse me : but is this the best cooper can do ? is this what this book is about ? - -the druid pagan worldview of light vs. dark , summer vs. winter , warmth vs. cold ? what happened to the conception of evil as moral evil ? 
camera pos 925.txt i am in love with this camera . the shutterspeed is awesome , the quality of pictures is awesome , and the shake reduction feature is awesome ! ! i would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a great camera ! 
software neg 185.txt the title of this product is a joke . it should be called " not easy cd burning " . roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . it is way too complicated for burning simple cds 
dvd pos 681.txt together with ' odyssey into the minds eye ' , two of my favorite dvds in my collection . they may be watched forever because the constant change of images and inventions cannot be retained by memory . enormous visual pleasure with appropriate soothing sound track . there is something healing in this flow of beautiful worlds and mind conceptions 
books pos 646.txt we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too 
health pos 101.txt i eat one of these twice a week before i play ice hockey . i specifically buy this flavor because it contains caffeine , though i do n't perceive any " boost " . it could be there and i 'm just not noticing it . i feel they do the job of keeping me fueled for the workout . it would be nice if the package made a specific recommendation about how long before a workout to eat the clif bar . i find the size of a clif bar a bit disappointing , especially considering the " store " price of $1.50. at $11 a case and with free shipping when spending $25 or more , i 've not found a better price than amazon 's on clif bars 
music pos 109.txt review no.77.a superbly / nicely done reissue of the zombie 's second ' actual ' album ( is n't it ? ) .total of 27 tracks , so since the first twelve ( 12 ) cuts were the original lp , i guess that means you get seventeen bonus tracks , wow ! that 's a lot , for a one-disc release.a fine cd to repeatedly play , plus keep in your ' current rotation ' stack for a long time to come.it 's probably just me , but these tunes should be in a different playing order.that 's why i 'll sometimes pre-program this cd before i listen to it.loads of fabulous / memorable tunes to enlighten your evening with here , like " care of cell 44 " ( three versions , but welcome ) , " time of the season " ( stereo and mono versions ) , the beautifully-done melodic " a rose for emily " ( 2 versions ) , " i want her , she wants me " , " maybe after he 's gone " and a cut that i 've certainly never heard before , but was quite impressed with it , " butchers tale " .obviously , the zombies must 've had hours of unreleased material that most of the world did n't take great notice of , until now.simply , a must-have.timeless top rate british invasion rock&roll that 'll never truly die 
dvd pos 445.txt if you 're looking for a video that does n't take a lot of time , then this is one that you should add to your collection . it does n't matter if you 're a beginner or have been doing this stuff for years , there are two levels to suit both challenges . 10 minutes is spent on abs , buns & amp ; thighs . you can choose to do all of them or one of them when you get a spare 10 minutes . the exercises are great and you can feel the burn in all your muscles . if you do this video 3-5 times a week and eat a healthy diet , you 'll easily lose inches and tighten up those & quot ; loose&quot ; areas 
software pos 417.txt this upgrade installed easily with my photoshop 5.5. no problems at all . this is an excellent program and leap years ahead of my photoshop 5.5. this is a much less expensive way to upgrade to cs2..rather than purchasing cs2 outright . be sure to get the updates after you install the program . 
camera neg 420.txt like others , mine will review pictures but shuts off almost immediately when in i turn it on in still mode . bought in december 2005 , it is now not working . it is scandalous that so many of us have the same issue and sony is not addressing it . sony should be forced to recall these cameras . 
music neg 267.txt shannon lawson is capable of a much better album . i saw him down in nashville when he was with the galoots , and it was amazing ! if they were to put out a cd i 'm sure it would be one of my favorites . shannon has a voice and a talent for bluegrass music and that 's what nashville should have let him do on his first solo cd . instead they gave it this generic , overproduced sound , leaving shannon sound like everyone else . with the way bluegrass is selling these days , it 's a shame that shannon could n't showcase his enormous talent in the proper arena. . 
camera pos 772.txt i bought this camera for my girlfriend and she loves it . it has all the basic functions her older coolpix had abut more and they 're a bit more user friendly . pros : compact and easy to hold . i 've had a few other point and shoots and they feel like they are going to jump out of my hand . this one feels pretty good . cons : before buying i read the reviews and a few were stating that the focus was not everything it should be . i will agree . that is the cameras only real big down fall . though my girlfriend may not notice it so much , to me it 's a little more aparant . for the most part , overall i really like this little guy. . 
camera neg 72.txt i have known canon to be a very high quality company . however , i was deeply shocked and disappointed to find that this camera fails to meet the expectations i had about this camera . a few years ago i bought the fujiffilm 3800. i loved this camera but after a few ski trips i found it rather bulky . i then bought the canon s500 becaus of its small size and after many good reviews about the s400. for most of the pictures i take on a ski trip this camera is fine . however , if you are taking pictures other than outdoors in the daytime , this camera is worse than a disposable camera . first , there is no red-eye reduction . it simply does not work when i set it to take flash with red-eye reduction . second , pictures taken at dusk or dawn come out blurry . i would speculate that the shutter speed is way too slow and you would need a tripod . third , night picture ? ....forget about it . i tried to get a beatiful picture of the chicago skyline but the picture was underexposed . so , i tried the manual mode and played with the exposure settings and i could not get a setting that would produce non-blurry pictures . looks like i 'll be back in the market for a fujifilm . after all the reviews i 've read , i 'm waiting for the other shoe to drop ( e18 , lcd , etc. ) . not to mention the terrible service that i have been reading about 
dvd neg 114.txt about the only thing this movie has going for it is the excellent music . the producers of this film are out of their mind if they expect any viewer who 's not screwed-up in the head to feel sorry for the two stupid main characters just because their sick , incestuous , and adulterous lifestyle is incompatible with the world they live in . if you want to leave your entertainment center in a good mood , do n't watch this 
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan 
health neg 70.txt the charlatans who makes this [...] deserve to be shot and so does anybody stupid enough to buy it . eat a balanced diet and get some exercise . do n't be a moron all your life . 
software neg 17.txt i rarely write reviews but i decided to write this since i had this urge to let everyone know that this product is just plain bad . the review by " reviewer : rc lansing mich " has listed all of my frustrations and i will not go over them again . but the rating of 4 stars that he has given does not agree with what you will read in his review . the summary of this product is that it is " highly unusable " . you will be tired of using this on your first trip that you will not feel like every using it again . yes , you can " manage " you way with this product . however it is not worth your time and money . and last point that struck a nerve with me about the ols maps database ... the company came out with a plan where customers can send them updated maps , based on locations they have travelled , not covered by the original map database ... come on ! 
books pos 678.txt i give this book a 4 star rating , not because i believe in " the necronomicon " , but because this particular book has given some very interesting background and historical information on the occult scene in the 1970s . the simon necronomicon itself is an interesting tome ( though i doubt it 's " authenticity " per se ) . it is at least as valid a grimoire as any other , and more valid than some . " dead names " has provided a great deal of information on certain people whose backgrounds are generally not known as well as the unique " wandering bishop " phenomena and the so-called slavonic orthodox church . overall , both an informative and entertaining volume , whether you " believe " or not 
books pos 439.txt excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen 
music neg 893.txt it seems that even the best bands have only a finite number of great melodies in them , and the flower kings exhausted theirs in their first four cds . here we have yet another double-helping of their ageless wisdom , strewn across two cds to our fiduciary detriment . though not as crass and offensive as stolt 's " wall street voodoo " or bodin 's " i am " , this is nevertheless lyrically naive to the level of silliness . there are a few good instrumental passages mixed in this release , but not enough to justify its purchase . stolt said in a recent interview something to the effect that " ...peace & love never go out of fashion.. . " well , neither does informed maturity , and you wo n't find any of that in this group 's recent output . just more utopian preaching and good vs. evil typecasting . their liner notes advocate sending money to greenpeace and amnesty international , but i would counter that any american would be better investing their extra cash at st. jude 's children 's hospital . i 'm going to sell my copy of " paradox hotel " , and probably several more flower kings cds , to do just that . there are some sick children out there who need our support and encouragement far more than these would-be hippies 
health pos 728.txt i am 100% satisfied with this product and it has already earned me what i paid for . i am able to trim my front portion of hair with this on my own , where as for a complete trim , i do need my wife 's assistance . if you trim on a regular basis , ie . , when the hair 's not over grown , you will definitely find the job more easier.i recommend it to everyone who wants to save on their haircuts . the price is a good deal too if you buy from amazon , else one may perhaps ahve to wait for the thanks giving sale 
books neg 988.txt margaux with an x is about a young lady who seems to have it all . beauty , popularity and can do about anything without getting into trouble at home . yet she is not happy she holds a dark secret that happened to her when she was young.she is tired of every boy drooling over her and wanting to date her and most having no content to them . she has a gambler as a father and a mother who just watches television all day . her life takes a different turn when she meets danny . he is the total opposite of all the guys she has dated . he is a year behind her in high school he is thin and is not shapely , yet they both start a bond with each other . the book was interesting but after awhile i got tired and could not keep up with the constant bantering and sarcasm of the main characters 
music neg 879.txt this young woman has a fine coloratura soprano voice , albeit a little underpowered , but she simply has no understanding of musical architecture . there is too much emphasis on virtuosic technique and no regard at all for musical subtleties . in fact , i suspect the only reason this little filly was favored over so many of her betters is that she looks mighty tasty in that skimpy frock and short-shorts . once again , sex sells and the vox vulgus dominates at the expense of true art 
music pos 39.txt it 's been a while since someone has sang the praises of this album . this is a timeless work . it never gets old no matter how many times it is played . i 've had this album for 5-6 years and i pull it out every summer . great music for boating or bbq 's on the deck . i promise you will love it . something everyone should have in their collection 
music pos 165.txt this was not a waste of brad 's time or mine . good job ! 
health neg 184.txt i am in my early 30 's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's . i had been using proactiv for quite some time ( 5 years or so ) and it worked pretty well . i say pretty well since it did clear my face some , but my face has not been totally clear in a long time . along comes acnefree which is " better " than proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient- -cool , i am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper ! well , i guess you get what you pay for- -i do n't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin , but i used acnefree one time in the morning . so far so good- -until 2 am the next morning when i broke out in hives all over my entire body . so no more acnefree for me , just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
software neg 685.txt i have been using turbo tax for years just as i jave used quicken for years . one of the big plusses for me was it 's deductible , a program that places values on items you give to charities and imports directly into turbo tax . it 's deductible was a stand alone program until 2006 when it went to intuit for online entries . you could not longer buy the program to install on your pc . this would have been ok but then intuit would not allow you to see the values placed on donations until you purchased turbo tax . intuit thinking of the bottom line rather than the customer . i hated that and told intuit my feelings - no response as i expected . but what the heck , i entered my donations through 2006 and when turbo tax 2006 came out i purchased it from amazon for a good price . after installing turbo tax i went to see what my donation values were and to import the values into turbo tax from my online entries . nope - no can do . not only was it 's deductible buried in turbo tax with a very clunky and slow link to start the program but there was absolutely no way to import . after much searching on intuit 's support pages - always a chore - i finally found a page explaining - no import . but if you like you can get a voucher to unlock the online values and then manually re enter the information into turbo tax ! what a crock . on top of that using it 's deductible and turbo tax slows my duo core pc to a crawl . i will look elsewhere next year 
dvd neg 292.txt my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the " philosophy " of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places . all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make . on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went 
camera neg 772.txt bought this housing new in november 2005.in april i used it for the first time and it flooded on the first dive ! neither amazon ( since it is ouside the 30 day return policy ) nor canon will stand behind this product ! period ! i got so much run around from canon it was ridiculous . they wanted to " evaluate " the housing to determine if it was defective...dah ? they would not tell me if i sent it back for the " evaluation " what the final resolution would be ( refund , rework etc ) . coincidentally , another person on the same trip had the same housing...it flooded on their first dive too ! ! ! ! coincidence ? no . just terrible quality control and no product support from canon . do not buy canon products ! ! 
dvd pos 349.txt thank heaven for larry david and curb your enthusiam , or there would be nothing brilliantly entertaining and provocative to watch that was n't political , except south park & reno 911 , which are really in a different league altogether 
health neg 820.txt babyliss pro instant heat 5 jumbo roller hairsetter comes in a compact , useful size . however , the rollers take a long time to heat up . even if left plugged in for a half-hour , they do not reach a high enough temperature to effectively curl thick hair . i would not recommend this product 
dvd pos 144.txt this movie is high in my top 10 off all times list , and is probably the best ' mainstream hollywood ' movie i can think of . i watched it for the 3rd or 4th time and it is just as enjoying , thrilling and suspenseful as it was when i saw it first more than 10 years ago . my 12 years old daughter watched it with me for the first time and enjoyed it just as well . great performance by all cast but especially hanks , paxton and beacon . probably ron howard best film ever 
software neg 796.txt do not buy anything from this company unless you will be able to return it within 20-30 days of the shipping date . ( the receipt says 20 days but the web site says 30 days . ) you do n't have much time to return an item , and the company does not give any leeway for christmas orders . i am stuck with the item my son did not want for his dorm room , and i ca n't exchange it for another item because he did n't like any of their products . 
music neg 91.txt despite all the rave reviews i 'm wondering if this is a dreaded rerecord . maybe i 'm paranoid , but the country music industry is so sleazy . and some stars feel entitled to cash in . how else can you explain the john anderson anthology...horror . ( john , how could you ? ) or the bill anderson oh boy classic [oh boy here comes a rerecord ) . hey , the cd sounds great . but what makes me suspiscious is that there are no copyright dates anywhere on this cd except for one . also the cryptic message on the inside sleeve . could someone please clear this up . and not some rcr bud logan shill either . john conlee is one of my hero 's and this is really worrying me . i ca n't look at this cd with rose colered glasses anymore 
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain 
software pos 156.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
books pos 911.txt i would recommend the power of simplicity to everyone . this book goes far beyond a discussion of marketing strategy . the idea of simplicity is relevent to all aspects of life . this book is full of useful information and contraversial suggestions pertaining to marketing strategy . although the book is considered an educational read , i feel that it is extremily entertaining as well . it 's just an interesting book , it doesnt get much simpler than that 
dvd neg 402.txt this is not a good movie ! bad acting , story , and picture ! i was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man after dvd i had but alass it was not . pass on this one unless u have 2 have it 
software neg 811.txt why buy iolo system mechanic when you can get malware for free ? i installed pro 7 and it gave many , many problems . iolo did not respond to my emails so i uninstalled . their uninstaller did not work either 
dvd pos 834.txt i just watched " mommie dearest " for the first time tonight . as most critics and fans of " mommie dearest " acknowledge , the film portrays such a pitiful story of abuse , with such an over-dramatic ( but entirely true-to-life ) performance by faye dunaway , it was both hilarious and depressing . i 'm 30 and did n't know much about joan crawford outside of the endless chatter about the film being " classic camp . " seems to me crawford was probably bi-polar or had some other unexplained mental disorder . i think she was quite aware that some of the insanity she lived with was caused by movie industry she was dedicated to . she knew the industry poisoned any good thing she endeavored to do , whether it was having a successful marriage , a happy family , or even giving to charity . her life was a running commercial directed by hollywood , not unlike the tabloid-driven , image-obsessed hollywood we have today . despite the often-times hilarious image of her and her sibling 's victimization on film , christina 's abuse and disappointment with her mother was real and painful at some point in her life . christina crawford was completely justified turning her mother 's image on its head with her book and movie . yes , the movie is outrageous but it is also empowering . after all , what can the powerless do about their pitiful past except laugh . mocking the unexplained , unjustified pain you experienced in the past , renders it powerless to harm your future . this is the legacy of " mommie dearest " whatever joan crawford really was 
music neg 136.txt all i got to say about this is that dudes need to stop making this kinds of records cuz this is not hip hop , its not what ll , rakim , krs-one , kool g rap , ice t , ice cube , nwa , and ( rip ) big and pac , started . we as fan have the power to end this buy simply not buying the album . please do not buy this , this fake rap is got to sto 
music pos 255.txt i , like many others , have been waiting for this album for quite some time . right from the first track , i was hooked . " all my days " is a haunting , melodic , heartbreaking opening to a fantastic album . " breathe " has a subdued yet powerful message . " home " is just plain fun . " song for you " is sweet , somber , and hopeful . however , i must say that the four songs version of " orange sky " is what i consider to be the greatest song ever written . however , the time without consequence version is devastatingly bad ( when held up to the light of the original ) . the new version is too fast , has an inexplicably irritating percussion , and just does n't dig into the soul the way the four songs version does . i will always be baffled by this remake . it is truly awful . its only saving grace is that the original is still available . but that is by no means any reason to avoid this cd . in fact , those who do not know the original " orange sky " may fall in love with this one . but it is my duty to warn those looking for an " orange sky " that matches the original that you will be severely disappointed . outside of this single-song complaint , this cd has vaulted to one of the best i own 
camera neg 542.txt sd card worked fine for a week . problems arise then worsens over time for one more week then it just does n't work anymore . problem is not the pda , nor software on it . tried to use the card on a separate flash reader / writer . tried formatting it to fat32 , create test directory , data stays on for less than one hour . i would refrain from buying this product . 
books neg 370.txt i see where this would be appealing to sum . i just never " got it " . oh well . 
health neg 122.txt i 've got a small bit of hardwood space in my apartment , and i figured this would suit my mopping needs . it hasn't . even after sweeping the area multiple times prior to using the wetjet , i 've found that it does n't really pick any dirt up . what i wind up with is a polished floor with a lot of small piles of dirt everywhere . i 'm even using the " special " hardwood floor solution - it is n't making a difference . i do n't recommend this product for anything other than polishing a floor ( and there are probably better solutions for that as well ) 
music neg 151.txt people buy fast food , they know its bad for them . people pay the geek squad 229 to do 5 minutes of work . people also pay 10 bucks for words & techno beats called " pop music " . amazing , if you had this much money : go get a gym membership . pay off your cars . donate it to children 's hospital . why support some teen that in 2 years will die from the music scence and laugh in her mansion 
dvd pos 431.txt an awesome film with some suspense and raunchiness all rolled in to one 
software neg 55.txt as is typical with software claiming to be " topo " , it is not . expecting that the buyer of topos will typically be someone looking for usgs quads this software is not as advertised . since i own the other major competing program ( for which you need to buy each state in order to get quads ( and for which i can not seem to find wyoming ) ) , i was eagerly awaiting this package . in five minutes i realized delorme is essentially useless to the backpacker / mountain biker ( et al ) . you can order quads very simply using the package , but at the zoom level appropriate for making an ordering decision the wonks at delorme decided they would make the map blank ( apparently to force you into buying electronic quads at $2.50 a piece ) . so , you need to actually know the quad you want before you order it . well , if i knew that , i would already own the quad , and certainly would n't need to buy an electronic version . for 2.50 more i could get it laminated . yes , this is a flame , but it is deserved . delorme might be great software if you know the quad you want ; it is ridiculous software if you are trying to explore and area in order to decide where you want to go ( and then download , and pay for , the appropriate map ) . all in all , a complete waste of money- -i only feel it worth my time to write this review so that the suppliers of such software get a clue and discover a more appropriate business model ( versus selling blank maps , with a 100 dollar credit for maps that you do n't even know will work ) cheers . 
dvd neg 689.txt i could n't watch this till the end . bad production values , gimmicky , desperate to make a point about violence and voyeurism and evil and wanting to make it evah so clevah while my neurons slowly commit suicide from the nnui . if you wanna go all deep thoughts on violence and still get shaken - both intelectually and viscerally - try something like miike 's " ichi the killer " . makes this movie look so , so needless . the leading man looked geeky and occasionally cute . 2 stars for the eye candy 
music neg 917.txt there is at times , a fine line between noise and music . nin not only crossed that line in this cd , but stomped on it a few times in the process . not even close to the calibre of with teeth , this cd is a waste of time and an insult to the talent that resides within this group of musicians . songs that go from semi-music to irritating noise and last four times as long as one can abide , while " playing " the same thing over and over and ...well , you get my drift . if great music is your thing , pass this one up . or write me a note and tell me why on earth such a great group would release such an abomination 
books pos 858.txt wow , this book should be given to every graduate entering the workforce along with their diploma . not just about cards , but also contains business etiquette , marketing tips and techniques , and ( un ) common sense . wish i had read it 20 years ago . required reading for pretty much anybody who has to go out into the world and deal with another person 
camera pos 18.txt i have been using my sony cybershot dscn1 8.1mp for about a month now . it 's so easy to use . and , i love how you can easily delete picture via the touch screen . the only issue i have with it , is that i ca n't use the memory pro stick with my sony photo printer ( a 5 year old model ) , because the stick is not compatible . ps : do n't forget to buy a memory stick pro if you purchase this camera . you 're gonna need it . 
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier 
dvd neg 820.txt synopsis ( including ending ) : don ameche ( gino ) , a chicago shoe shine man , is approached by the mafia to go to jail for " 3 to 5 years " to take the place of their mafia boss accused of murder because he bears a striking resemblance to him . they 'll pay him yearly and satisfy his lifelong dream of fishing on a boat . joe mantegna ( jerry ) takes don ameche ( gino ) on a 3 day vacation to satisfy his every wish before he 's incarcerated . joe mantegna is on probation from the mob , after disobeying orders from a previous job . joe mantegna goes " outside channels " to take don ameche ( gino ) to lake tahoe to the " galaxy " hotel where they stay , wine and dine , and try to have a good time . things turn difficult when a local real mafia boss brings don ameche ( gino ) to his house as a guest and they form a bond . the real mafia boss has a gathering of crime bosses planned and don ameche and joe mantegna are caught in the middle . they escape the gathering and on the day don ameche is brought back to chicago , joe mantegna is ordered to kill don ameche and make it look like a suicide . " it 's cleaner this way.. . " , he 's told . joe mantegna refuses the order , and the film ends with a mafia employee testifying in court and getting sentenced to jail for 20 years to life . the good : joe mantegna is an underrated actor generally and it was nice to see a familiar face in the real mafia boss in lake tahoe . other than that , there 's nothing else going for this one except a slightly funny scene with the concierge . the bad : the mob wants tough guys , right ? this is a comedy , right ? no ones a tough guy and there 's no laughs . joe mantegna plays a sissy instead of a mafia tough guy . don ameche plays a senile acting senior with no personality . i wanted to like this film but i coulde n't because it was very slow , very boring and none of the characters were interesting . we never have a scene with the real mafia boss that looks like don amecha and the two never meet . you would expect a friendly " thanks for going to jail for 3 to 5 years for me " but it does n't happen . at the end someone for the mob is dressed up like the real mafia boss and he 's testifying in court and gets sentenced to jail . he does n't look anything like don ameche or the real mafia boss and yet , he 's right there taking the fall . if the film did n't need to depend on don ameche 's appearance , why did n't they send him to jail from the beginning ? the worst david mamet experience i 've had . very surprising stinker . the characters : if don ameche played a less passive character he would have been more interesting . if joe mantegna showed more conflict as a character with reasons behind them , he would have been more interesting . as the film stands , they 're both flat . don ameche had no personality and his only lines are the ones other characters used . when a character says something , you can be sure don ameche repeats it 30 minutes later like a senile robot . don ameche 's dialogue leaves a lot to be desired . add to that his boring and stale acting in this film . he played very dumb , not interesting , like a real man in crisis about to go to jail for money . overall , joe mantegna was not believable as a mafia hired hand . don ameche was too passive and uninteresting , and joe mantegna is too passive and stale . scene criticism : a couple scenes stand out as being very weak and unrealistic . ( gas station scene where joe mantegna is given $3 more in gas than he asked for ) joe mantegna is working for the mob , and he asks for $1 of gas , and gets $4. he does n't have the cash to pay , and when the gas attendant takes the car keys his reaction is " please , please , please " a real mob guy would punch the gas attendant , take back the keys , and leave for the plane they were late for . a mob guy that wo n't defend himself for $3 ? ( scene with don ameche offered money to go to jail for 3 to 5 years ) don ameche does n't put up a fight or try to leave the room , and is too passive . we do n't learn about his past or his life or family . there 's not enough time spent on the offer , and the scene was over valued for it 's lasting value . ( bedroom scene with joe mantegna trying to let don ameche escape ) joe mantegna had no real connection to don ameche 's character to justify the scene . instead it 's 2 strangers . personal commentary : the test for a comedy for me is - " how many times did i laugh ? " this film never made me laugh . i 'm shocked the film costs $24.99 on dvd . rent it instead . it belongs in the $1 bin at wal-mart . writing criticism : lines like " he 's the guy behind the guy behind the guy behind the guy " and lines like " a big man knows the value of a small coin " and the story about the grasshopper and the ant make no sense . the writing is drivel . alternative recommended film : " trading places " with dan aykroyd and eddie murphy and also don ameche , albeit in a smaller role 
software neg 743.txt i bought this product to assist in recovery , but i tried to recover a program and it would not work . does real well on a complete recovery but do not expect a partial . works well on recovery of my stuff 
music pos 98.txt brian regan is simply a comedic genius . this cd is especially funny after having seen him live- -you can just picture his hilarious gestures and facial expressions ! he has managed to create a hysterical routine based on the silly stuff we 've all said / done / thought . while i too enjoy comedians who are more " cutting edge " , i do n't think a routine has to be peppered with profanity to be funny . this cd is well worth any price ; check out his dvd and his live show , too 
dvd pos 406.txt i saw this back in 1985 when if first came out . it was wonderful . at first , i thought it was going to be one of those historical / tourist shows . but it wasn't . it could have been , though . mr. wood is a very charismatic presenter . but is what 's better is that he took the story of the story of the trojan war from the pages of modern myth to reality . i have read homer and i knew about schlieman , but other than that , i was ignorant of the trojan war . mr. wood started with what a regular person knew about the war and then took it into deeper level . i was fascinated by the connection he made to the hittite empire . the thought had never occurred to me that if a troy did exist , it might have trade relations with empires to the east . he also included experts in the fields of archeology , modern history and history of the period . i thouroughly enjoyed the dvd and have seen it several times . i also have the alexander dvd and shakepeare . " in search of shakespeare " , was fun . wood took the story of shakespeare down to the center of his human story . i would recommend all the wood " in search of.. . " programs . if you ca n't find the films , then read the books . the books are just are entertaining . 
music neg 994.txt yes , she has a great voice , but this entire cd is so overproduced , so lifeless , so very boring that i had to force myself to listen to the entire thing - searching desperately for a track that measures up to the voice . she sounds as bored as i was on every song . i hope she wakes up soon before we all fall asleep 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
music neg 545.txt this album is all about sex and infidelity , is this all way usher 's life is about . this album contains to substance worth listening to . this album is a total waste of money . i like 8701 100 percent better 
dvd neg 68.txt i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie . 
music neg 272.txt okay , i used to think that nelly was a fun guy to listen to . he made songs that i used to enjoy , such as st. louis , e.i. , country grammar , and ride wit me off of the cd " country grammar " . then there were a good amount of other good songs on " nellyville " . and the good thing about these cds was that there were not too many skip tracks . but with nellyville , nelly brought us the obnoxious hot in herre , a single that got plenty of radio playtime , but i could not stand . this was not a good sign for the future . then comes these two new cds , sweat and suit . i have not listened to most of suit , but i have listened to most of this , and it is pure garbage . this is the same nelly who made hot in herre for sure . it has a bunch of catchy songs that live off the beats and the hook to drive them to get radio playtime . most of the tracks are much worse than hot in herre , if that is believable . i just want a decent cd from nelly , i am not expecting a classic . instead he drops the definition of materialistic garbage , and i shake my head in disgust . avoid this one and get one of his older cds , or a cd from a better artist 
camera pos 25.txt this lens has extremely fast ( and quiet ) focus , and is razor sharp . what more could you want , when photographing wildlife up close 
dvd neg 654.txt this is arnolds fakiest film . i mean , a demigod ? i ca n't believe this at all...fakiest film . yes arnold is in peak condition in this film , but his other films are simply a little easier to swallow...come on arnold , no one talks back to zeus 
books pos 369.txt truly the author 's pen is mightier than the sword as he takes on christmas , parents , children , evangelical christians from kentucky , television , macy 's , the result of a dalliance during the viet nam war , and " keeping up with the joneses " . this short book is much funnier than his best-selling " me talk pretty some day " as the author 's humorous cynicism is at its best . one ca n't put it down for fear of missing some insight into the american psyche . three of the stories appear to be autobiographical ( with obvious changes made to " protect the innocent " ) wherein the author " tells " the others in the guise of another . regardless , sedaris pulls no punches and will have the reader in stitches , even if there 's a little guilt attached to that feeling . 
books neg 203.txt i have read all twelve of these books and hoping there will be more . the language is pretty graphic but they are so funny you can usually ignore those words . these books can cause you embaesment , since i read where ever i have to sit and wait and you burst out laughing people do stare and wonder if you are losing it . please we would all like to see more of these 
software neg 28.txt warning ! i resized my partition and when it restarted my computed could not boot . it destroyed my system and i had to format my whole drive . read all the reviews from this program carefully . i read them but did not believe them 
books neg 237.txt this book was a huge disappointment . sue grafton and kinsey meander all over california but come up with nothing of substance . the author spent more time describing the decor of a hospital room than explaining the murder motive . the characters and their actions are bogus and contrived . for example , kinsey becomes emotionally attached to a young prostitute she met two days before . it does n't work because it is n't real . it is sue grafton bending her characters into grotesque positions as she tries to force a plot into this dull mess . the story makes little sense as we try to follow the seemingly interminable clues and innumerable side characters . when it was all over , i still did n't know why the murders had been committed . save your eyesight ! do not bother picking up this book 
camera pos 887.txt excellent camcorder . the only thing i would do different is spend the little more it would take to go up to the pv-gs85 
dvd pos 104.txt i thought that this was adam sandler 's best movie he has made.that he played man who 's a slacker that he trys to impress his girlfriend by adopting a cute 5-year-old boy ( played by dylan & cole sprouse ) .i think of how the movie should 've ended real good is for sonny to have legal custody of jullian.i laugh out loud when i see this movie ! ! ! 
camera neg 334.txt i bought the 4600 for my parents in 2005. a seal in the lens housing broke in november and we sent it to nikon . when nikon recieved the camera they said it had " liquid " damage to the lens shutter area . my parents did n't send the camera in that condition , yet nikon claims that it is " impossible " for that kind of " accident " to occur at their facility . two months later i am still arguing with them over this . one of their service represatives , rob mustard , told me ( paraphrasing ) " i have 70 service orders in front of me and our facility gets hundreds of repairs each week ; i 've heard every excuse imaginable for why it is n't the customer 's fault . " besides being rude , does n't that scare you about his facility getting in hundreds of repairs each week ? ? ? ? do n't buy nikon is my recommendation . 
health pos 38.txt philips sent me a reprogram plug-in that took me only 10 minutes to change the settings to meet the new standards . most of the low price aed 's use camaera batteries . my defibrillator has a long life lithium battary . i wo n't risk someone 's life on store-bought battaries . walt blankenshi 
music neg 584.txt first bill has never nor will he ever be a jazz musician . it seems that those who branch out and play multiple styles are often lauded for expanding the vocabulary . here 's what chaps my hide the most . bill has somehow captured the attention of hordes of budding guitarist with their effect pedals all strung out as if they were getting ready for a space shuttle launch . it burns me too no end when a person calls himself a & quot ; jazz&quot ; guitarist , but does n't really have any chops . i know bill has been called anti-technique , but what does that really mean ? would you want a heart transplant performed by a surgeon that means well , but really is n't very good at what he / she does ? this guy is getting built up as something new and it seems every time i turn around someone that knows absolutely nothing about jazz guitar is throwing this guy in my face . i 've been a professional jazz guitarist for 12 years and teaching for 8 years . when i have guys that actually debate me that bill is somehow doing more interesting things than say pat martino , or that bill could somehow hang in a jam session with someone like pat martino , i have to shake my head in disbelief in how twisted and mixed up this world has become when charlatans are giving more credit than someone like pat who has been on the road for years and paid dues that frisell could n't imagine . is bill frisell a jazz musician , no ! maybe if the guy could woodshed for a dozen years he 'd come up with something . for me i 'll stick with the guys that really know how to play......johnny smith , peter leitch , jim hall , pat martino , kenny burrell , billy bauer , tal farlow , lenny breau , jimmy bruno , jimmy raney , wes montgomery and so on 
dvd pos 923.txt my wife really likes martin . after listening to this concert i must say it is indeed a very good live presentation 
books neg 625.txt i did n't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are . i am disappointed that the " notes " are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical . key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation , rather key terms are defined and that is all . 
software neg 353.txt i was reading the high reviews of zonealarm so i went to their web site to get more information , and only about 2 pages of their entire web site would even show up . makes me wonder how hard it will be to get tech support from them . going back to panda. . 
music pos 425.txt like louis jordan , his less well-known contemporary jump / jive artist , cab calloway fits into an area much beloved by americans who recall the boggie woogie era or simply love the jumpin bumpin scufflin shufflin sound of that pre-rock and roll music . though in truth i do love jordan more and think he was a truely protean genius who was the grandfather of r&amp ; b , calloway was the consumate showwman whose jive / jump music ca n't help but bring a smile to your lips and a lift to your heart 
software pos 296.txt i love toast , and have had it since version 3. do n't have tivo , so ca n't comment on usability , but for everything else it works better than software that comes with mac . ca n't wait to try double-density and blu-ray , with which this is compatible . even earlier versions could burn more different kinds of media than the burn software that came with the mac . a friend of mine just switched from pc to mac , and this was the first software that i suggested he buy . as another reviewer said , if you have toast , you do n't need popcorn . the best ! ! 
music neg 371.txt in the past , i used to distance myself from certain rock genres because of a bad first experience . i 'd be introduced to band , not like it , and claim the entire genre as being ' not for me' . the forecast , however , has changed how i feel . i , personally , love a heartfelt emo record just as much as the next guy , but only because i was introduced to jimmy eat world and spitalfield a couple of years back . those bands allowed me to embrace the entire genre as a whole , and expand my emo knowledge . imagine though , if you will , that i was new to emo . you , in theory , hand me a copy of " late night conversations " and tell me to listen . of course , i hate it , and lose any interest i may have had in the genre . to make a long story short , the only good that came out of ' late night conversations ' ( an underproduced , generic , stale piece of s**t ) was the revelation that came post-listen . never judge an entire genre by the first or second band you 're introduced to ( from said entire genre ) . not every metal band is iron maden . not every punk-pop band is blink 182. not every nu-metal band is linkin park . not every ' emo ' band is jimmy eat world . every aspect of music has it 's ups and downs , and the forecast is clearly one of the downs . now that i 've bored you with an entire rant about nothing , i 'd like you to pass on ' late night conversations' . with your help , the forecast wo n't sell another record , and , in turn , leave the scene forever . not recommended , duh 
dvd neg 737.txt ridiculous plot , one dimensional cardboard-like acting ( especially leon lai 's rigid dead-like-fish-out-of-water performance ) , incoherent dialogs , horrible editing and directing , every thing is so bad if compares it to the first one . the second one has already turned bad but not as bad as this 3rd increment . the screen writers were obsessed with abnormal twists of the plots and tried to twist every section of the scenario to the extreme but unfortunately almost messed up the logic flow of a storyline . nothing deep but shallow all the way . just like a magician overplayed his black magic and suddenly found himself exposed completed without white gloves , long sleeves , and black cloak , even the white pigeons turned out to be dead . nothing could be hidden up in his sleeves or the tall hat . nothing at all . curtain call , drop it sooner than later . 
dvd neg 901.txt it is really just one poker player interviewing a bunch of other poker players - and it is not very well done . there are a couple of good tips , but nothing i have not read elsewhere . save your money . if you are a beginner , and want to learn how to play hold'em , check out howard lederer 's ' secrets of no limit hold'em ' ( dvd ) and phil hellmuth 's ' play poker like the pros ' ( book ) , more advanced players should check out david sklansky 's books 
dvd neg 876.txt paycheck is a disappointing and sometimes frustrating film because it clumsily toys with a number of potentially brilliant ideas without really knowing what to do with them . these key concepts come courtesy of philip k . dick , via his original short story , though the film poorly represents the themes and conceits that have made his stories into unforgettable classics . as a thriller , paycheck depends upon our identification with its imperiled hero , but the movie is never able to make us truly care about ben affleck 's michael jennings or his fragile state of mind , and that 's something dick would have found unforgivable . only uma thurman really earns her paycheck here . the premise is high concept , and the prophetic threat is revealed to be of apocalyptic proportion , but paycheck is never more than a pedestrian action film spun from chains of meaningless chase sequences and flat fight scenes . the future world created by john woo is n't nearly as engaging or convincing as , say , the captivating science fiction setting crafted by stephen spielberg for another high-profile dick adaptation , minority report . for paycheck , the comparison is not flattering . sadly , woo ca n't even keep himself from forcing his own creative preoccupations into the film , and a resulting motorcycle chase sequence is outright uninspired and may represent the film 's low . some scenes are enjoyable , and there are fleeting flashes of wit and excitement , but much of what unfolds seems inappropriately conceived or placed . paycheck is n't a smart film and , what 's more , it sometimes assumes that its audience is n't even paying attention . as a result , the film never comes close to living up to its potential . the material and the audience deserve better . unfortunately , paycheck is forgettable fare and , truly , it is without any real payoff . - -brian a . dixon revelation magazin 
music neg 927.txt i love the " smoky " piano bar sound of this album . i picture my best girl having a couple of pops late at nigh 
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy 
camera pos 787.txt i purchased a nikon l5 from costco 2 weeks ago but returned it on saturday after i saw the lz-7. the lz-7 is way better in all aspects than the nikon l5 , save for the adjustable zoom in movie mode . pros : takes great pictures ; optical image stabilization ; 6x zoom ; and , great price . it is also made in japan , not china as the nikon l5 is . cons : fixed zoom while in movie mode ; no on-board camera speakers 
health pos 132.txt it 's amazing how a little common sense can turn into a million you know what's . as soon as i tried these i realized how much better they are than the usual throat lozenges . why ? because others cause you to suck on them , and this strains your throat muscles , which is bad . gummi lozenges , it 's genius . why did n't i think of it . then again , i did , but i did n't create airborne which is wonderful in itself . really , these lozengers are great . at night if you use one they just stay pretty much stuck to the side of your throat and you can fall asleep without even the thought that you could shallow it and choke . just remember how long it takes for a normal lozenge to disolve without bitting it ( even then ) . these go pretty quick , and without crewing ( which is the best way to use them ) . i myself try to always have them in the house . you should , and will do the same after you try them . also the price on amazon is the best . i 'm about to order 10 boxes ( would order more but for the shipping charge , which even with is still cheaper then target ) . maybe the owner should put me on the payroll . 
software pos 701.txt there are several real advantages to using quicken willmaker software . 1. the legal part of the software was done by nolo . they publish an awful lot of do-it-yourself software , and are well respected ( if you are not a lawyer ) . nolos involvement helps to assure me of a quality product . 2. the user interface , a fill in the blank approach with a lot of help screens , make the whole process quite easy and painless to go through . 3. besides the standard last will , the package includes a number of other documents that you may want decide you need . among others this includes living trust , living will , final arrangements , notice to terminate joint credit card accounts , child care agreement & instructions , and many more . having said that , there are two problems with the software : 1. if you live in louisiana , your laws are based on the french system , not the english system and there is a caution on the box that says : ' estate planning documents not valid in louisiana . ' 2. there has been at least one law suit saying that if you fill out the will for another person , you may be practicing law without a license . do a google search on ' heirs sue over will-making software ' where someone apparently used this software to do a will for a lady . 
software pos 166.txt this package is very complete and easy to use . took just a few minutes to be drawing house layouts , et . a lot of the tools are intuitive and simple 
music neg 15.txt completely worthless ! if you liked the film , go buy the dvd because this album has no redeeming qualities . the sound quality is fair at best , even for a live album . almost every track is jammed with totally worthless ` commentary ' at the beginning or end of the song . the ` commentary ' consists of recordings of about a dozen people having random conversations over the phone and laughing for no reason . it would have been nice if they had put these ` commentaries ' on different tracks because the way they have it on this cd you have to wait through about a minute and a half of this crap to get to the song you want to hear . the worst part about the album is the lack of the fugees , which means no ` killing me softly' . sadly , you can tell that most of the artists on this album have n't played a show or practiced in a long time as they are a bit rusty and sound horrible , even for a live recording . some of them sounded almost as bad as fallout boy on snl 
dvd pos 980.txt i received this in a speedy manner . and it was in great condition . i would buy from this person again 
dvd pos 331.txt the bbc created the perfect cast in this terrific film . watching it is like entering into a more pleasant world than the one that exists today . it is lavishly adorned with beautiful costume and sets . the latest adaptation is an insult to the major players in the bbc version . highly recommend to those who love jane austin and her works 
music pos 728.txt as a former piano major i can assure those who would purchase this dusc that it is well worth it . reminiscent ( dare i say it ? ) of horowitz 
music pos 303.txt this guy is going to become big someday . i agree with this reviewer : " the songs on " seven swans " , with a folksy bucholic feeling that runs through most of them , tell of spiritual tales . they tell of love that transcends the body and age . sufjan can appeal equally to the christian person as to the one who practices zen buddhism . and that is something few songwriters can accomplish . keep an eye on sufjan for years to come . " i have fun tooling around with " to be alone with you " on the guitar , such a simple but infectious melody . " seven swans " is not over orchestrated like " michigan " and " illinois " seem to be . good song to ok song ratio is about 85 percent on this one and about 45-50 percent on the the aforementioned cd's . " seven swans " is a great way to get introduced to the subtle musical power and overall genius of sufjan . sufjan has all his own style and is not afraid to tell us who he is . very creative...he truly forges his own musical path . cannot wait for his cd called " wisconsin . " 
camera pos 966.txt i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck . 
books pos 596.txt this is ann waldron 's best mcleod dulaney mystery yet . the characters are so lively and well-drawn they literally walk right off the page ( and , in some cases , right into your heart ) . the setting- -the princeton theological seminary- -is perfect ( a perfect place for a murder , that is ) , and the plot is downright diabolical . are you in the mood for some humorous , mysterious and sinfully well-written fun ? then do yourself a favor and read this delightful book 
dvd neg 259.txt i hate lawyers . what is a lawyer , anyway ? basically : it 's a telemarketer in a decent suit , a guy who would be hawking the latest ronco hair-in-a-can super-duper late night special to folks in akron over his plantronic headset , only he won the genetic lottery and got shot out of an upper-middle class womb . shakespeare said it first and best : " first , let 's kill all the lawyers ! " . former enron uber-dealmaker john wing put a little fast-times houston spin on that one : " get all the lawyers in a room- --and shoot ' em ! - --in the mouth , so you *can't * miss ! " exactly . anyway , " the firm " is a flick that purports to make the world of high-priced yappers jaw-rippingly exciting , so i was probably all amped up to despise it . but not really : back before i dug into a gig with the dark side in high finance , back when i was hefting a backpack over the sodden campus of my old alma mater , i briefly considered going into law : briefly , for about an hour . it was a desperate time , and i needed money . why did i consider walking hell 's highway , if only for an instant ? because john grisham , boring lawyer-turned-ripping-potboiler-writer-turned-back-into-boring-lawyer , a kind of tom clancy for the paper-pusher and green-eyeshade set , made it all sound pretty damned funky ( and lucrative ! hey , dig that bmw 7 series , baby , beep beep ! ) in his engrossing little novel " the firm " : granted , i 've read better prose on the backs of cereal boxes , but it held my attention . i mean , seriously : you 're 19 , and the whole flying out on the corporate lear to grand cayman and switching out briefcases full of cash sounds kinda cool . and strippers , man , plenty of strippers . oh , and did someone mention a bmw ? what 's the difference between a lawyer and a snake ? the snake at least has the decency to hiss before it sinks its fangs into your a**. now it 's true : grisham writes like kim jong il sings , but- --in " the firm " , anyway- --he was a master craftsman at moving things along at a bristling pace , from the pedestrian- --hotshot law school whiz kid gets picked up by a memphis white-shoe law firm- --to the pretty damned atrocious , all while keeping the pressure ratcheted up with a dense , suffocating sense of malice . grisham , like michael crichton , is n't a prose genius : he 's not even mediocre . but he writes for film , and " the firm " cried out for cinematic treatment . so it 's baffling that , with all the right stuff- --tom cruise as winsome lead mitch mcdeere , gene hackman doing his chain-drinking gene hackman thang as the corrupt ( but ultimately worn-out and pathetic ) senior partner , and sydney pollack helming it up- --that the big-screen treatment of " the firm " is such a yawner . talk about contempt of court . pollack takes all that intricately woven little grisham-plot and barfs big ugly chunks of it up on the screen . at its guts , really , " the firm " was really nothing more than the big career nightmare : i 've bet the farm on this gig , i 'm getting big money , i 'm working like a fiend , my wife is having trouble remembering my name , and evidently i 'm not doing tax-deals for loaded clients- --i 'm doing money laundering for the mob . pollack just mangles the whole thing , convolutes the simple , and renders up a flick that will have you checking your watch and yawning . casting is part of the problem : cruise does his thing , running around memphis with his briefcase . hackman drinks a lot and exudes pure armani-clad sleaze : " the firm " is all funny-wrinkles when he 's onscreen , but hey , a man can only do so much . jeanne tripplehorn ( cruise 's squeeze ) , who plays lara san giacomo when she 's not playing tripplehorn ( seriously , google the two of ' em : astounding ! ) is a bitter old battleaxe who made me want to stick forks in my eyes . wilford brimley is just plain wrong as the firm 's security chief : too bald , too cracker , too rotund , too silly , too low-end , to do the role justice . holly hunter is even worse : hunter is one of those eighties thangs who got pumped up as something sexy , which is baffling , given that she 's about 3'8 , and has all the sex appeal of an oompah-loompah . it does n't help that she 's a big , ugly southern stereotype , the caricature most denizens of dumpy michigan towns imagine southerners to be . you want her to die : she doesn't . pollack wants us to think she 's clever and funny . she isn't . ed harris , i think , is in this movie . so is hal holbrook , which kinda ruins everything , because everytime hal holbrook is in a movie you know you 're dealing with a bunch of friggin ' crooks . anyway , the coup de grace to the stupidity is the entrance , deus ex machina , of paul sorvino ( don morolto- --what kind of goombah name is dat , anyway ? somebody call tony soprano ! ) , who takes this juggernaut of boredom from the merely stupid to the totally ridiculous . if you wanna see tom cruise running around memphis with his briefcase for two hours , by all means belly up to the bar . otherwise , case dismissed . js 
books pos 505.txt this book has a wealth of information for any practitioner of yoga , from beginner to advanced . the content is concise and practical , and the poses are sequenced in a way that allows for a gradual and safe progression in the practice . there are also dozens of practice sequences given for both improvement and how to treat common ailments through yoga . the introduction is especially valuable , as it offers a no fluff in-depth commentary on the philosophical thought behind the asana practice . i pick it up again and again and am still referring to it after nearly 15 years of owing it . my copy is dog eared and loved , and was well worth every penny . an earlier reviewer mentioned that the photos and layout were not user friendly , and only gave the book two stars , which is a shame . this book was first printed in the mid 1960 's - over 40 years ago ! it was the first yoga book of it 's kind to ever be printed , and it 's content is timeless and as relevant today as ever . mr. iyengar even had to struggle with his then publisher to be allowed to include so many photos , as it was so expensive in those days to print such a book . i say hats off to the man who brought yoga to the west long before it was ready . he 's a pioneer and a virtuoso of his craft , and his marvelous work should never be over overlooked just because it does n't come in some glossy package fit for the masses 
books pos 584.txt the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
music neg 57.txt this cd is awesome from beginning to end . i really enjoy listening to this type of music . this cd is a must have . 
camera pos 709.txt this is a great , easy to use camera . i have had this camera for a year and it has seen alot of use . the only drawback i have had with this camera is that it eats aa batteries . i bought rechargeable aa 's and they seem to last forever ! problem solved . i am about to purchase a second one for my son for christmas . great camera 
health pos 788.txt nv diet pills are working great for me - i lost 8lbs in a month ! ! ! they work as long as you eat healthy and exercise regularly while taking the pills . it is n't a miracle pill so if you take it but eat nonstop all day and do n't work out , of course nothing is going to happen . they really do control hunger because i take 2 a day and one day i was busy and forgot to take my 2nd pill and i was starving looking to eat anything and everything in sight 
dvd neg 879.txt this went up from one * in tribute to the neat hammy acting job from alec guiness as charles ii , but otherwise its just a mess . the film called out for a screenplay by a robert bolt or a john prebble , but instead it was penned by its director kenneth hughes , who also gave us such film masterpieces as " casino royale " and " chitty chitty bang bang " . richard harris is his usually unrestrained self , and thats not a compliment . now , i wont even go into the politics , which attempt to portray oliver cromwell as some sort of liberating hero : as ridiculous a take on the english civil wars as alexandre dumas 's paean to charles ii in " twenty years after " , but nowhere near as entertaining . 
dvd pos 425.txt you can tell your life is really pathetic when ghosts have to show you how to live . but that is what happens to cosmo topper , in the charming " topper " and its equally charming sequel " topper returns . " it 's basically your typical screwball comedy ( complete with cary grant ) , but with an injection of supernatural pranking and murder mystery . in other words , it 's loads of fun . george and marion kirby ( cary grant , constance bennett ) love fun , partying until clubs kick them out , and generally not taking life seriously . so it 's a shock to them when they die in a car accident , and linger on as ghosts . apparently they have not done any good deeds to go to the great beyond . so when george 's boss , cosmo topper ( roland young ) , crashes his new car in the same spot , the kirbys take him under their wing . poor cosmo is stodgy and timid , with a domineering wife who schedules his day down to the minute . so it 's up to the kirbys to show the poor man how to live life and have fun , but their good deed rapidly gets away from them.. . and most sequels stink , but goofy murder mystery " topper returns " is just as funny as the first movie . instead of a ghostly screwball , this time it 's a spoof of " haunted house " stories , with a nod to hitchcock 's " rebecca . " ann carrington ( carole landis ) is returning to her ancestral home and inheritance , with cheeky pal gail ( joan blondell ) in tow . but after the girls switch bedrooms , someone murders gail . confused , she drifts over to the house of cosmo topper ( roland young ) , whose car she hijacked earlier in the day . gail blackmails topper into helping her discover who murdered her , and who is trying to kill ann. now the unfortunate topper must somehow solve the mystery , despite a small army of creepy servants , a house full of secret passages and vicious seals , and his upset wife searching high and low for him.. . based on thorne smith 's novels , " topper " and " topper returns " even had a spinoff tv series , which was nowhere near as good as the movies . and those movies are charming and still fresh , especially if you like to see a twist on the usual ghost stories . but it 's the little touches that make this movie hilarious ; for example , there 's george laughing on a chandelier , and gail chugging champagne when she discovers her own dead body . not to mention that vicious seal . the comedy becomes more obvious and spoofy in the second film , but no less entertaining . but at the same time , these movies are graced by tender moments between george and marion , and a truly exquisite scene where gail 's ghost wanders out the window into the sky . and i 'm still not sure how that invisible-person-under-the-covers shot was done , especially with the primitive special effects of the 1940s . roland young is the star of the piece - - his topper is timid , halting , and has his day scheduled down to the minute . not a single spark of sponteneity . grant comes across like a trickster god , and has wonderful chemistry with bennett . and blondell is simply charming as a resourcefully cheeky ghost girl . " topper " and " topper returns " are decades old , but are perfect examples of hollywood classics . charming , chipper and hilarious 
health neg 199.txt i purchased this towel warmer for my wife . she has been very disappointed . it simply does not get hot enough to heat towels so she has stopped using it . i would not recommend it to anyone . 
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm . 
music neg 108.txt any group that is so lacking in imagination that it has to steal as unusual and distinctive a song title as " boulevard of broken dreams " ( a 1934 hit song ) deserves to be ridiculed , not rewarded with a grammy . i 'm just full of original ideas . i ca n't decide whether to write a song called " wake me up before you go-go " or " grandma got run over by a reindeer " - or maybe " do you know the way to san jose " ? 
software neg 893.txt ...buy it here and save $s ! shipping cost from the uk added $46.95 to the price and a foreign debit card transaction fee of $2.51 for a waste of $49.46 that could have been spent getting additional models . or get the download version and save even more as like someone else pointed out , the included manual is near useless and has not improved since version 4. practical poser 6 is still the best book to get if you are serious about doing poser 6 development 
dvd neg 816.txt two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the ' way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . ' requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity 
dvd neg 254.txt i really enjoyed goodbye lenin , and it was mostly on the basis of seeing thatm film that i decided to watch this one . the film follows three idealistic , politically right-on young people rebelling against what they see as unthinking , selfish and uncaring bourgeois consumer society . this rebellion takes the form of breaking into rich peoples houses , moving their furniture around , and leaving notes like ' you are too wealthy ' - very situationist ( never mind the fact that this point is probably largely lost on the rich people they break into ) . all this is fine and well , but the problem with the film is that on the one hand it glamourises these young people , and on the other paints every single other person in the film as some rich , ignorant bourgeois pig . in the first ten minutes or so , i thought this might be a clever bit of directing , in which we view society as seen through their eyes , rather than society in its reality . however , this was n't to be the case . the world remained bourgeois , the kids are alright . the older generation bourgeoise are bare cyphers , and none ( with the exception of the man they kidnap ) is given anything like a personality . when a break-in goes wrong and they have to kidnap the rich man who lives there , and take him away to a shack in the hills . during this time , they decide to ' educate ' him about the wrongs of the world and the rich man 's part in them . the rich man barely challenges the young people at all , and accepts much of what he has done is probably wrong . the anti-capitalist argument running through the entire film is very one-sided . i could appreciate the film a little bit more if it was balanced , but this wasn't . furthermore , there are all the usual cliches associated with this type of work - the edukators are young , good-looking and artistic - the subtext being that because they are arty , they can see things that others can't . at one point , one of the characters is on a bus when three men ( presumably police , though its not made clear ) hassle a drunk for not having a ticket . the character angrily bursts in and tells them to leave the drunk alone , gives the drunk his ticket , and gets off the bus . do drunks even get hassled on buses by gangs of police ? ca n't say that 's my experience - amybe they do in germany . this is a recurring problem with the film - situations designed to show the main characters in a good light are contrived and unrealstic . the anarchist / marxist / anti-capitalist dialouge the characters preach is so generic that it actually ends up being meaningless - by the end of the film you do n't actually know what exactly they stand for , or what their solutions are to the problems of society . basically , the one-sided political argument hamstrings the characters development . their views are never challenged , so they do n't change . it is left to the kidnapping and love triangle to create the conflict in the film . the ending is also unbeleivably cynical , and completely undoes any idealism that had been generated in the course of the film . generally , it feels like a script written by a 1st year politics student , being so utterly simplistic in it 's ' the rich are all bad ' message . i would recommend this to anyone who is 17 years old and angry at society , but at the same time i would n't recommend it to anyone who wanted some insight into how we should solve the world 's problems . there has been a rash of good political films lately - good night and good luck , syriana , the constant gardener . unfortunately , and given so much potential , this film is not one of them . shame 
software pos 640.txt simple and easiest to use of t shirt programs . do n't be put off by the low prices . simply magazine , with their simply media brands , have lots of craft products like this , with all of them on amazon i think . mar 
software neg 68.txt the title of this product is a joke . it should be called " not easy cd burning " . roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . it is way too complicated for burning simple cds 
music pos 301.txt this is one of my all-time favorite cds . i loved all the songs on this cd except one . my favorite is " black girl pain " and it should be an anthem and inspriration for black women all over the globe . i had the pleasure of seeing talib in concert a few months ago in atlanta and his live show was even better than his cd . true hip-hop lives 
music neg 942.txt awful . i mean , really awful...and i liked " self portrait " because you knew dylan was just trying to have some fun with his image . this album is just a disaster . the lyrics are ok on most songs ( i 've seen worse by dylan ) , but the music is unexciting , not very creative , and downright embarrassing on some tracks . why , oh , why did you have to make an album like this , bob ? such talented people at your disposal for these sessions , and you threw it away on garbage arrangements . shameful . really sad . 
books pos 446.txt this volume contains 152 middle length sutras which are mainly sermons to monks on buddhist practices . having compared the pali original with the translation of about 12 sutras i would give it a high fidelity rating . the appendix contains extensive notes which discuss the text from the viewpoint of the theravada commentaries . a must read for those who want to learn or study using original source material and do not read pali . the introduction contains valuable material on buddhism by a bhikkhu long " gone-forth " . 
books neg 157.txt i am soooo glad that i checked this out of the library and did n't pay for this garbage . i really should of listened to the reviews on this book before i wasted a day reading it . actually , about half-way through i skimmed . the first couple chapters were n't bad , but the rest was just awful . gracie , her ex-husband , her friends...they are the most pathetic , shallow bunch of fakes i 've ever read about . what 's even worse is that 's the authors real life ( maybe not the divorce part , but the rest of it ) . in the end , all i have to say is do n't waste your time ! ! i should of listened to the others , but i did n't , and now i regret that i wasted so much time when i could of been reading something worth while . 
books pos 598.txt a pathbreaking work in women 's history and the history of deviancy , this book argues ( if not entirely convincingly ) for a new interpretation of the history and relationship of girl delinquents and women reformers . odem traces the history of middle class women reformers towards sexual delinquency by young girls through the particularly rich case history of los angeles county . noting the diverse cultures in l.a. ( white , working class , hispanic , african-american ) odem argues that many girls who became labeled & quot ; wayward&quot ; were acting out against oppressive and repressive families who held old-fashioned and patriarchal views of girls ' sexuality . odem also explores the eventually oppressive route that reformers took in & quot ; retraining&quot ; wayward girls 
camera pos 176.txt this filter is a must have for photographers that care about their gear . it remains a cost effective tool for protecting the camera lens while serving as a great every day filter . 
dvd neg 477.txt i was purchasing rockin ' wheels ( the one with the train and fire truck ) for my son , and the truck adventures came up as a combo deal with a discount if you bought them together . we borrowed the rockin ' wheels dvd from the library and he liked it so much , i thought it would be good to have two different ones . however , the truck adventures is not as good , and my son does n't even ask to watch it . the songs are lame and so is the narrator . do n't bother 
books neg 442.txt if you 've read anything already about these techniques - writing it down , visualizing it , tithing - this book offers no additional insights . and despite his & quot ; official religious disclaimer&quot ; at the beginning of the book , it is packed to the rafters with the author 's own religious dogma . if you share the author 's religious outlook you may like this book , but otherwise it makes for very tedious reading 
software pos 44.txt ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software 
music neg 609.txt i love this show ! that said , i do not care for this version of it . the inclusion of the word " concept " in the title means it is just that . this was , thankfully , not the final version of the show that would later spawn the hit song , " one night in bangkok " . with most broadway musicals , the musical numbers tell the basic story of the show . if you listen to the recordings of phantom , mama mia , beauty and the beast , you can discern the basic storyline of the show . listening to this particular recording of chess , though , will leave you wondering " what was that ? " the broadway arrival of chess saw a much needed reworking of the storyline and arrangement of the musical numbers . this recording seems too much like a mish-mash of songs that do n't really relate to each other . for musical fanatics ( like myself ) , i say " yes , you should have this recording in your collection " , if only to understand how much work went into the show before it opened on broadway . if you are only buying the album because of " one night in bangkok " , purchase the broadway recording instead ; you 'll be much happier with the performance by phillip casnoff rather than murray head 
camera pos 14.txt i did n't have a ton of time to research this flash . i 've used it now on several occasions with my canon 5d and could n't be happier with it . it 's great for shooting portraits . i can shoot 10 shots in a row and the flash keeps up . i would definitely purchase the plastic diffuser - get 's rid of the typical flash harsh light 
software pos 591.txt took a couple of attempts to load this program on my laptop but once installed , it 's more than i expected . this is my first experience with gps and i 'm impressed with how quickly and accurately the gps system locates my position and tracks my movement . full featured mapping software and plenty of gps options make this an excellent value for my needs 
books neg 219.txt i could n't read the whole thing in order to know for sure . it was dry . i did n't get the imagery - i know it 's supposed to be a classic , and i really wanted to read the book , i did - but it was long and boring and i just do n't get why it 's so " classicly popular " . sorry , but it 's how i feel . now , that being said , i read a condensed version of it , and i discovered the story was a little bit interesting - but that 's as far as i can go , even with the condensed version - it was only " a little bit " interesting 
software pos 838.txt my 12 year old daughter plays this game for hours at a time . she is a horse nut and loves it . the player gets to groom , breed and train horses . i would definetly recommend for any horse crazy kid 
music pos 390.txt with all the recent praise heaped on smile , orange crate art still remains largely under-recognized and under-appreciated . sure , smile was supposed to be this grand copelandesque landscape of america , from plymouth rock to the grand cooley dam . but for my money brian and van dyke parks did it so much better with orange crate art. having written , what everyone unanimously agrees to be the most california of all anthems , fun fun fun , i get around and california girls , brian turns his attention to a california not of hot rods and surf , but of sun drenched valleys rich with citrus and vine . here wilson and parks celebrate and pay homage to the likes of jack london and john steinbeck . and if all this were not enough , we 're treated to my hobo heart , a latter day van dyke parks / michael hazelwood masterpiece . there 's also the lovely palm tree & moon , a dreamy little ode to a moonlit beach , territory not unfamiliar to brian . and summer in monteray is so unabashedly nostalgic it would even make clint eastwood blush . if you have n't become familiar with this so very underated collection yet , you really ca n't call yourself a brian wilson / van dyke parks fan until you give this one a fair shot . you might even find yourself humming sail away or hold back time while in the shower . i know i did 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
software neg 901.txt i was thoroughly disappointed . the first few words i looked up in the thesaurus were not listed - - words like upholstery ! when i went online to see what i might be able to glean from their online site , first fogware had not sent me a coupon , then i had to deal with bad customer service ( i am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support ) then after i finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd - - so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! very bad ! i am now going to go buy roget 's and check it out 
health neg 903.txt like the reviewer below , my dryer also stopped working within a short period . it was never dropped or misused - - after about a month , it simply refused to turn on when plugged in . now , there is a decent warranty for the product . however , with the money you spend on shipping and the $4 they request for handling / return shipping , buying another inexpensive dryer starts to sound like a better deal . i do n't know if the other reviewer and i got the only two lemons , but since we both found our way to amazon with this review , i would n't recommend the product to other buyers 
health neg 917.txt i bought this heating pad about a month ago and it did not get near as hot as i would like ! it is so hard to find a good heating pad now , but i would not reccomend this one 
camera pos 792.txt upgrading to the tz3 from a 4yr old canon 3.2 megapixel . waited a few months to purchase when i heard the tz1 was being updated . with the tz3 , panasonic has fixed the main complaints about the tz1 which were : no build in lens cover , noisy images at higher iso speeds . imo , the build in lens cover alone is wirth the price permium over the tz1. as others have said , this camera has a great build quality , easy operation , and a high-quality look . i ordered the black model and was pleasantly surprised when i opened the box . it has the look of a retro 35mm cartridge camera , which is cool . the chrome ( or polished stainless steel , cant tell ) , is first rate and looks great with the matte black case . the lcd is huge and bright . the camera 's " simple mode " does a great job the the other modes are fully customizable . the zoom is fantastic , but you need a really steady hand at full zoom , even with optical stabilization turned on . i did take some surprisingly sharp shots zoomed way in from my car as i came across a herd of deer . shot to shot speed is really great , unless you are using the flash . the red-eye reduction works better than any other digital camera i have used . overall , i am extremely pleased . if you are looking for a great zoom camera in a small form factor , you should seriously consider the dmc-tz3 
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book . 
music pos 821.txt i discovered seal the same way that most people did : through his utterly beautiful song " kiss from a rose " . i heard it on the radio one day , and played it constantly for months after that until i finally decided to purchase the album the song was from . as it happens , the song is from seal 's most revered album , his multi-platinum 1994 self-titled album . ( this is not to be confused with his other self-titled album , his debut , released in 1991. ) i did n't know what to expect when i bought the album , having heard only one song from it , but months after purchasing it i 'm glad i made the gamble . i think that the sub-genre which best classifies seal is urban . urban music , according to all music guide , is smooth and polished , often romantic , sometimes uptempo and funky , and features soulful vocals . seal has all of this and more . it has techno beats , but they 're not as overwhelming as one might expect . they blend together with peaceful , occasionally ethereal guitars and seal 's incredibly soothing singing . this is , no doubt , stylish music , but first and foremost it 's a collection of warm , encouraging songs penned by a very talented musician . there 's nothing that comes close to being a bad song here ; there 's not even a slightly weak composition . thus it 's a little harder to pick highlights than usual . some highlights include the strong opening track , " bring it on " ; the emotional hit " prayer for the dying " ; the shimmering " dreaming in metaphors " ; the upbeat " newborn friend " ; and , needless to say , the absolutely wonderful " kiss from a rose " . the closing track , " bring it on ( reprise ) " is another beautiful song , but " kiss from a rose " is possibly the most lovely song i 've ever heard . listening to it in the warmth of one 's home during a snowy december afternoon is an incredibly powerful experience . the message of the album , if there is one , is " keep on going - life is beautiful ! " it could fail under any other popular artist , but seal succeeds marvelously . this is some of the most heartfelt , inspirational singing i 've ever heard . there 's a delightful optimism in seal 's singing that sounds strong rather than naiive . it 's hard to feel down after listening to such an uplifting album as this . seal is certainly one of the most talented musicians of r&b ( or rock - you decide ) . these songs have clear , strong messages , warm , inspirational lyrics , heartfelt , soothing singing , danceable beats , and a whole lot of emotion . once you 've heard " kiss from a rose " , i guarantee you 'll want to pick up the album . if you 're already thinking of doing so , then i encourage you to go forward and buy it ; you wo n't regret it . it 's become one of my favorite albums . when you 're feeling disillusioned or depressed with the state of your life or just life in general , look no further than seal to make you cherish it once again . 
music neg 928.txt i wanted to give this cd as a gift to my 7 year old niece who loves the movie . i listened to it first to make sure the quality was good . i was so surprised when all i heard was music and no words . although the music is nice , i know she would not be too impressed . we had seen the movie together and we loved mr. ray 's song and wanted to know the words . it 's too bad that i 'll have to return or sell it 
books neg 871.txt the only good thing about this book is that it was short . even in writing about a great man with incredible contributions to our country , gary hart repeats himself over and over and over and over again . ok , the monroe doctrine is important , i get it ! i read about 2 or 3 presidential biographies per month and i cannot remember a book as bad as this . if you want a quick view of james monroe , you can read the first chapter and skip the rest but this book is not good for more than that 
camera pos 227.txt i purchased this tripod from 47th street photo through amazon.com . the tripod appeared to arrive in good shape , except that the operating instructions were not included . i immediately emailed 47th stree photo at the customer service address printed on the flyer they included with my shipment . i asked them if they would be able to send me a copy of the operating instructions . they did not respond to my email , so a few days later i emailed them again . once again , no response . i then emailed amazon.com , and informed them of the missing instructions and the non-responses from 47th street photo . no response from amazon either ! as far as the tripod goes , it appears to be a very good value for the money . i gave it 4 rather than 5 stars because , due to the missing operating instructions , i cannot be certain i have properly checked out all of its features . however , i am certain that both 47th street photo and amazon.com rate zero stars for customer service . i will use neither one again 
music neg 286.txt if you like early priest , buy genocide . it has both rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny in their entirety ( the only thing it does not have is the original album artwork ) . not leaving out important tracks like the ripper , for pete 's sake ! ! ! how could you leave out the ripper ? and what about island of domination ? i feel sorry for anyone that bought this that is unfamiliar with priest . they got jipped and did n't even know it . these are my favorite albums by priest and i hate to see them butchered like this.. . and what about the order of the songs ? why would they mess with that too ? do youself a favor and buy either genocide , or if you like to have the original artwork , buy rocka rolla and sad wings of destiny seperately 
books neg 389.txt " the other boleyn girl " and " the queen 's fool " are two of the best books i 've ever read- -and i 've read a lot of books , especially about this period , which especially fascinates me . they were gripping to the end , and my involvement with the characters was complete- -true masterpieces . so whenever a new book by philippa gregory comes out , i buy it , hoping to have the same experience , and lately have been sorely disappointed . " the virgin 's lover " fell flat , and now i am trying to read this book but not finding myself engaged , must give it up . one reviewer suggested the books were being written too quickly- -that is always an easy guess , however it depends on the writer . anthony trollope , for instance , was able to turn out amazing book after amazing book with incredible speed . that may or may not be the case with gregory . i know , as a writer myself , that there are times when the work flows out , feeling almost as if it 's channeled from another source , and times when it 's harder , more mechanical . the more challenging situations are those when i 'm not entirely convinced or in love with my subject . so to me , neither of these books feels as if they spring from a natural impulse . they feel forced , constructed . i 'm going back to trollope 
software neg 212.txt microsoft office can be handy to have . the files you can open , edit and create with it ( most notably .doc , .xls , and .ppt ) are probably the closest to universal compatibility among all your high quality options . it 's ( relatively ) intuitive . it has a pretty broad array of useful functions . it 's also obscenely expensive , considering the fact that you can get all of these things - - .doc , .xls , and .ppt ; intuitive interface ; and functionality - - for free . i hunted up openoffice two years ago when i decided several hundred dollars was an insane price to pay for the ability to write papers , make basic presentations , or put together spreadsheets . i was looking for basic functionality , but i was pleasantly surprised ; openoffice does most of the neat tricks , too . ( actually , it has a neat trick microsoft can never replicate : it 's open source , so it can respond to the needs of individual users . you just say " add this neat trick ! " and someone will likely be able to do it for you . ) it is possible that microsoft office has some killer feature you absolutely must have that openoffice doesn't . but considering the price differential , i would n't splurge on this before checking . 
camera pos 544.txt third camera from kodak easyshare . great performance and pics . slendor size 
music neg 175.txt hmm sounds good , jazzy and chic . this should only be played in lounges . the only tracked i liked was amour . the rest i wanted to close my ears . too much noise 
software neg 356.txt many repetitions are necessary in order to acquire a second language or a third , but the monotony of this program does not keep your interest for long , is so boring and offers not variety at all . this program will take away the excitement for learning another language even for the most motivated individuals , and will not help to acquire fluency because it does not equip you with the tools to construct language on your own . it does not contain essential grammar instruction , it is an error to suppose that the same grammatical rules of your language can be applied to other languages ( french is not a translation of english , or spanish , or any other language ) . grammar becomes essential especially when you are trying to construct correct structures on your own ; this program claims to help you learn " naturally " but leaves huge gaps by neglecting grammar , culture , conversational structures , and clear understanding , not natural ! for adults translation is necessary when trying to internalize the concepts , adults already have an understanding of language and are equipped to learn differently than children , sometimes even faster . i do not believe that " learning a second language like a child " is an accurate statement to describe this program , children are immersed in the culture , everything around them is the " real deal " , not repetitious pictures and recordings . children receive verbal and non-verbal input constantly , and adults have greater cognition than children do . looking at a picture while you listen a recoding might give you a vague idea of what it means , but there is not accuracy . it is very unlikely that you will internalize a concept that you do not fully understand . rosetta stone approach might be very effective when memorizing vocabulary and simple sentences , but i could achieve the same by purchasing flash cards for a fraction of the cost of this overrated , and overpriced program . 
camera pos 272.txt 15 years of photography experience here.. . the sigma 15mm fisheye has been extensively reviewed and compared by other websites ( go ahead and search ) and this is a very good product . the canon has a tighter focus and a *touch* faster in focusing , but with the massive depth of field with this lens , it 's not a problem at all . be aware that if you use this on a 1.6 crop factor digital slr that has aps sensors like my 20d or digital rebel , then the fisheye effect is not as pronounced on film or 1.3 or full frame digital slrs . watch lens flare should direct sunlight hit it also...but that happens to any lens that has protruding or bulbous lenses . this is a much better bang for the buck lens than the canon equivalent which costs significantly more . if you search around , you can find much lower prices on this lens 
camera pos 923.txt this is a pretty good camera , loaded with lots of features . the pros include the 10x optical zoom , use of sd card , and battery consumption . also , with this camera you have the ability to buy add-ons such as zoom lenses and such - makes it nice for those that are just past beginner experience . there are a couple of cons that i 've found , the most important being the picture quality . although it does have the capability to take great photos , you have to make sure and wait several seconds between shots to ensure that they 'll come out looking great ( in my opinion , anyway ) . the size is okay , although it is kinda bulky for being so small . i prefer something that size to also be slim - it 's not so easy to carry around because of this . overall , this camera is very easy to use 
health neg 101.txt this is the second one of these i 've owned...my first one the screen went blank after about a month and a half...not an uncommon problem with this , i can see reading the other reviews...but i thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular pedometer , so i bought a second one...big mistake ! as far as the radio , what a piece of crap . i live about 20 minuters ' drive from downtown houston...maybe there are too many radio stations around here . it just wo n't lock on to anything , not even the strongest stations . tons of static and stations fading in and out . i bought a pedometer with a radio because i wanted a radio while i walked . if you 're selling a pedometer with a radio , the radio should work . i would give this 0 stars if i could 
software pos 861.txt though it may lack some of the integrated tools of quicken or other financial software , ms money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs 
books neg 927.txt patronizing , dreadful , insincere , badly written book . i cut my losses after about four chapters of this fool 's memoir . i do n't recommend it 
camera pos 154.txt the previous review is not completely correct . the problem is not with the product but with the description what amazon.com put up for the canon cpm-e3 battery magazine . it is a battery magazine for the canon compact battery pack cp-e3 and not for the camera battery grip . i think the product itself is a great thing , it lets you switch the whole magazine with 8 preloaded batteries instead replacing the batteries in the canon compact battery pack cp-e3. the previous reviewer should not judge a product by the incorrect infromation given by a retailer 
health neg 526.txt the disadvantage is you have to press on button while you style . it makes my arm and finger tired 
software pos 850.txt this is a major upgrade from previous versions . . . much easier to use and a much cleaner format 
software neg 657.txt great product for what it does ! however , my experience with quicken products such as will maker is that there are no updates . you 'll have to buy the next year 's version to stay up to date for changes in your state . at the end of 2007 , the software is obsolete 
dvd neg 188.txt would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the stewart granger version of " king solomons mines " . he is alan quartermain personified and deborah kerr is a more than credible female lead . all else is dross . and while we are at it could we also have the same star casting in the fantastic " prisoner of zenda " . stewart granger like many of his contemporaries is under-represented in the dvd revolution . 
software neg 848.txt the reviews of this software are a bit harsh , but pretty much true . it slow , is a resource hog , does n't really like to share the machine with other applications . support is bad , email transfer to move it to another system just plain does n't work and it is really hard to make a complete backup with all of your attachments . and - windows vista support is really limited . that said , if you have a really fast machine it does work well and has features i use every day that i ca n't get anywhere else . you can save any email as a history record attached to the sender or any other person in your contact database . these attachments are copies so they stay with the database even if you purge your email ( which is nice ) . email client is simple , but because it is n't outlook - i have personally been almost completely unaffected by worms , virus and other email hazards that have over the years affected most ms outlook users . this is a feature that has saved me more time than the hassles in the first paragraph . the program runs smoothly for me but , i have a core 2 duo 7200 with 2 gigabytes of ram . just about the fastest processor you can get . i think without the maximum processor and memory you will have delays and slooow loading times . one more issue you might have is making backups . since it uses a sql database that is open whenever sql server is running , a normal backup program might not be able to backup the database file . you need to stop the service first . this is a hassle that if you do n't know about you might be setting yourself up for disaster . 
music neg 487.txt for fans , i suppose this would be a rather big delight ; for non-fans , it 's nothing that will turn you on to the band from jersey . they had some okay , cheesy hits in the ' 80s - but listening to some of their modern songs from this collection proves how completely out of touch they are nowadays 
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
music neg 471.txt i ususally like aguilera and i need a song to practice for dance so i bought this one for " no other man " figuring i would like the other songs as well . i was so wrong . i hate the rest of them . 
music pos 129.txt i just bought this on cd as it was on sale through the cd club . i have the original vinyl , but had n't listened to it in years . this is one of the best works of music ever conceived , written and performed . it is absolutely timeless and each song impresses you more than the last . put this one on repeat and let it play three or four times . it just keeps getting better . stevie is an awesome talent and this may be his best . do n't forget how great music was in the 70's . this work is one of the major reasons for the resurgence of 70 's music today by artists that were n't even born then . you can see quite clearly the artists that followed stevie . most recently alicia keys who would be the first to say his music is pure inspiration 
software pos 743.txt i had the same problem with works suite 2002 that i had with 2006. the product key that came with the discs would not install microsoft word ; the message " invalid product key " came up . after a computer problem , i reformatted the drive and did a reinstall from the original works 2002 discs . the invalid key message showed up when i tried to install word 2002. after arguing with microsoft people for three weeks i bought the new works suite 2006. after running all the discs to a clean hard drive , everything worked except , again , the invalid key message came up and would n't activate word . highly irritating . i got it going by to microsoft works , programs , clicked word document , got an " activate product " and got word installed and running . this seems to be a dumb glitch in the software 
software neg 187.txt i recently purchased the software above only to find it does not support my dvd drive ( hl-dt-st rw / dvd gcc-4482b ( 1.00 ) i have unsuccessfully tried to contact roxio support three times . no response . i did go through the long list of supported drives and also emailed my problem to roxio . needless to say , i am very disappointed and do not recommend the purchase of this software . i have a new gateway desktop that came with the above drive . 
music pos 340.txt i wo n't say to everybody this greatest hits is highly recommended . being that i never heard all of her albums , so a true fan may feel like some songs is missin' . however for me , who is just really startin to seriously get into pop is somewhat satisfied with these and this is a 5 star collection to me . some of the tracks i love , a couple i do n't like at all and the rest i just like . my favorite ones are in order ; erotica ray of light beautiful stranger the power of goodbye deeper and deeper the prodution is excellent and i love the vocals . if your new to madonna , my opinion would be to start here . but a true fan can give me lessons . 
dvd neg 762.txt yup , definately the worst halloween movie . come on , michael on a reality show ? ha ! what the f**k does that have to do with the series ? not only that , but the plot is completely pointless , the acting sucks , and dr. loomis and jamie are nowhere to be found in the movie ! not only that , but the movie relies way too much on gore to be scary , and therefore comes off as pretentious . do n't get me wrong , i love gore in movies , horror or not , but any knowledgable halloween fan knows that the halloween movies were always scary without the gore . along with halloween 3 ( which actually had nothing to do with michael ) , halloween : resurrection reigns as the worst movie of the series . there are a many more problems with the movie than the ones i listed , but i 'm tired of typing , so i 'll let other reviewers explain why it 's so bad . bottom line , watch any halloween movie other than this or halloween 3 
camera pos 163.txt well , besides a whole bucket full of money , one of them lets you take photos in lower light , okay , that 's obvious . the 16-35mm is a bit heavier , but not so you 'd notice , unless maybe you were carrying it around all day , without eating and you 're a bit over the hill . so why pay the extra money , unless , of course , you do a lot of shooting in the early morning and late evening ? maybe you should n't , because i 've been doing a lot of photo taking with both , film and digital , and as one would expect from the " l " lenses , the photos are crisp and sharp . in fact i keep i the 17-40 on the camera i carry around all day , you know , the one i might leave on the table in a restaurant when i got to the restroom . it 's a lot less money to lose to someone looking for a five finger discount . however , my gal pal sara and i take a lot of early morning photos . she shoots old houses , and she never , ever goes out without the 16-35mm . she swears by it , loves it , sometimes i think better than me . so there is a difference , i 'm the kind of person that could happily live with less expensive lense , sara is not . however they both deliver gorgeous photos . you ca n't go wrong if the lense has that red circle around it . jack priest , sailor home from the se 
health neg 664.txt i do n't know , but. . i could n't get myself to swallow it . it made me , literally , vomit . i wish i just ordered power bar 's vanilla-yoghurt flavored one , which tastes fantastic and i love so very much . anyway , probably it 's just me but , it really really makes me sick. . i thought i would taste something new but oh well. . 
books neg 85.txt this book was great . i especialy liked the chapter where bill sticks a falafel in his co-worker 's hoo-hah . priceless 
books neg 849.txt yuck . this book was totally boring . well , maybe you 'll like it if you 're , like , 7 or 8 years old or something . not only is it totally boring , but poorly written . which surprised me because ann m. martin is certainly not a bad writer ! i 'm really glad she left the bsc and started writing a new series about them . the bsc books are soo boring and childish . please - a hard to handle babysitting adventure is when the dog runs loose for 2 seconds . do n't waste your time reading the bsc books . they are all pretty dumb 
health neg 585.txt using this on my legs feels like electric shocks because of how it pulls and chews . i would n't dare use it on my underarms . very poor shaver ! ! 
dvd pos 145.txt it 's strange ; this just came on fx , and once it was on , i was compelled to stay up and watch the whole thing , even though i 've already seen it ( in the theatres during its initial release run ) , and it cost me sleep to watch it all the way through this time around . even for all of the bad press that this movie got , and all of the disgruntled viewers who were expecting another horror , this truly is one of my favorites from m. night shyamalan - this , along with " lady in the water " ( another must have for me ) , is a movie that i feel compelled to add to my collection . as the other reviewers state , it 's not truly scary , but more a suspenseful film , as i actually find all of shyamalan 's movies to be . in my humble opinion , he 's not trying to provide movies best-suited to halloween scare-fest marathons , but movies that are suspenseful and thought-provoking . as annoying as some of his ticks may be to some viewers , there 's thought put into each of his films , unlike stupid wastes of celluloid like " hostel " and those damned " saw " movies ( enough , already ) ! at least after seeing this in the theatre , i felt that i 'd gotten my money 's worth for the ticket price , and this is definitely a movie that i feel i could watch repeatedly . in my opinion , the social commentary and romantic aspects only add to the viewing experience provided by this film . do n't buy this if you 're looking for a horror like " the exorcist " - if that 's what you want , buy and watch " the exorcist " . if you 're looking for a film with twists and turns that tie in to a somewhat deeper meaning , and will have you nodding your head in agreement with the way things play out on screen , buy this movie . even if you know what happens in the end , i 'm sure you 'll find yourself wanting to watch it again over time 
software neg 108.txt an internet search found complaints about not receiving rebates . why would they give you something for nothing ? i have had several rebate problems and most of them involved free items or insanely cheap items . this " free " software could cost you $30 if the company decides they do n't want to pay 
health neg 214.txt this glove will simply temporarily mask some of the symtoms associated with carpal tunnel syndrome and repetitive strain injuries and make problems worse . since one still has full function of his / her hands when using this , you are further injuring your hands by using the flexor muscles in grabing and squeezing . when using these gloves , your hands and wrist will feel better at first , but once the glove is removed your problems will persist and get progressively worse 
books neg 891.txt tedious and inane come to mind . it is written as a first person narrative consisting almost entirely of a stream of disparaging comments about everyone else written in a " catty " pseudo-feminist style , rambling descriptions of egyptian archaeology - real or imagined - thinly veiled racist comments about the " ignorant natives " of egypt and inept sexual innuendo . the book is very slow moving and the plot seems forced . the characters do not come across as real . very disappointing . leave this one on the library shelf 
dvd neg 546.txt i was disappointed with this longer version of the mill on the floss . i thought , being bbc and a long version it would be a definitive one , but i have to agree with the other reviewer . this version left out some very important events , and emotions seemed washed out rather than passionate and moving . i like long movies , but this dragged because it just does n't hold your attention . the 1997 masterpiece theatre version is so much more powerful , and keeps all important events intact , spending less time on maggie 's mother worrying about the fate of her china , and more on character and plot development , with a very haunting score . i really hope the other version is released on dvd-if so , i will probably donate this one to the library , because i ca n't quite see myself rewatching it . i would rather read the book , instead 
dvd neg 54.txt i would n't recommend this movie , unless you have nothing else to do for the night and want to watch it alone . due to a high content of bad words , screaming and violence , it 's kind of embarrassing watching it with someone else . some people really enjoyed it , and that 's not me , and that 's not the other two people i know who watched it . some violent parts are a bit hard to believe , but i guess that 's what the story is about . this movie is a bit of a hollywood-style suspense , with rather cheesy college scenes that are common to comedies . there 's one good idea in this movie and that 's how life develops as it goes along , and one action or inaction changes how life plays out . but this is no where near original , even the simpsons had an episode like that . so , this movie is definitely not on my best movies list . 
dvd neg 47.txt ok , this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show ( although sweeney todd comes to a close second ) . where is the show ? ! they cut out the " glory " battle scene and just had the actors come out and look happy instead of creepy like they should when they do the slow-mo battle scene ( that was not in the movie.. . ) . also , where is " i guess i 'll miss the man ? " that 's a beautiful song that was cut from the movie why ? also what about " prayer for a duck " and many others ! ! ! this is by far the worst ladies and gentlemen and completely ruins the show created by stephen schwartz and the great bob fosse ! oh yeah , and chita rivera 's " spread a little sunshine " was pathetic , and the players did not convince me that they were creepy and really wanted pippin to do the " grand finale . " i was in this show and it was the greatest show i 've ever done , but this dvd is pathetic . do n't waste your money on the costly price of $19.99 , it should be $7.99 because of how many great songs and scenes that were cut from this show 
music pos 497.txt dope cd..im a huge spice 1 fan..this cd is off da hook...check out immortilized and bossalini cds...those are dope quality cds..i have over 600 hip hop cds in my collection..and i do n't really express my fealings on amazon unless its worth it..i love hip hop till da day i die...and spice 1 is one dope smokin hip hop lyracist...tru dat...plus im from da old school..nwa , pe , rakim , boogie down , naughty by nature ( 1rst cd ) , big daddy kane , old school jazzy jeff and fresh prince , old school ll...naw mean..wor 
music pos 960.txt if you have never heard book of shadows by zakk wylde , then you may be suprised by this album . the two albums are similiar in that they contain a lot more acoustic guitar , and although i 'm not saying that past releases have not contained emotion , hm vi contains more . for example , take ' she deserves a free ride ' and the ballad ' fear' . the piano on this album is superb , haunting at one point and almost relaxing at another . however , there is just enough of past ' metal ' bls in this album - ' crazy or high ' and ' house of doom' . personal favourites are ' damage is done ' , ' layne ' and ' queen of sorrow' . there is something more in the solo 's - they come in at just the right time and as usual are perfectly executed - check out ' stepping stone ' for an example . the musicianship has got even better on this album , with the dodgy drums on 1919 eternal gone , and the bass that was pushed to the background in the blessed hellride is up there with zakk 's playing . this album is deep , moving piece that is the perfect successor to the blistering blessed hellride . ca n't wait for the new mafia cd to be released . 
software pos 599.txt this product does a superb job at converting audio cassette recordings to mp3 format on your computer or mp3 player . you can adjust the audio level and pause the recording and advance the audio cassette if you need to do those things . there are other automatic features to shut off , etc. it also can remove noise from the recording and clean up the transients 
camera pos 794.txt i shot my second feature ( flying tiger ) on the dvx and took it to the cannes film fest market and no one could tell it was n't film . this camera is fantastic if you shoot right . i suggest this camera over all the other similarly-priced models . we have done extensive testing with many cameras and this is my favorite . the jvc is many thousands more and you get less grain with it in dark areas , true , but for the money , the dvx , if you shoot properly with it , will get you amazing results . for proof , you can check out footage shot in a ton of lighting conditions at my site . we had the best luck in natural light , with simple chimera diffusers . if you 're honest with yourself and do n't plan on hitting the lottery anytime soon ( getting a real distribution deal / full 35mm blowup ) and you need a good looking film for fests or dvd , there is no way you should shoot on film , or another camera . we shot a full feature on no money and had many distrib offers , all because of the look this camera gave us . i 'm planning on using it again for my next film . ! viva la revolucion ! put the dvx in 24p advanced mode and rip the knob off 
music pos 429.txt one of the greatest rap albums of all time . wicked backgrounds and rhyming 
dvd pos 767.txt it gets laughs in its comicness in certain scenes it gets shocks like the beginning war scenes and the fight scenes it gets more interesting as the plot unravels great actors picked for such roles the perfect killing machines one insane in the brain and one out to save lives that should n't be lost in the first place the diner scene where the soldier orders alot of food and keeps eating and the guy says how you gonna pay for this and the soldier says " i just want to eat , i do n't wanna hurt you , then he kicks ass while still enjoying his meal . and his reporter female friend comes in and says " good meal " as a question that is . and he says without words " makes a happy sigh " that 's hilarious . and how she looks around and see everyone who got their ass kicked from keeping him from eating his food priceless movie worth the watch again and again i 'm glad i saw this on tv when i was younger and i 'm glad i got this on dv 
camera neg 502.txt for quite sometime lured by media publicity i thought sony a good brand . but this was not at all true for digital cameras . i bought this p73 for myself and an hp 4 mp camera for my cousin much cheaper than sony . both 3x optical zoom . the hp one was far better in image quality . main problem is that photo quality is not so good . it lacks sharpness and in most of the natural occassions becomes a bit hazy . this fact becomes annoying because your friend who has a cannon or an hp camera will take sharper pictures better than you in any light conditions . also , in the same price you might look for something higher than 3x optical zoom , say 5x or so in other brands . also during video , every option of adjusting to light conditions etc will be shut off , another irritating fact . not recommended 
health pos 42.txt as an emergency nurse practitioner and paramedic , i cannot emphasize enough the importance of getting electricity to an adult who is suffering from cardiac arrest . technology is moving quickly to get electricity to the cardiac arrest victim earlier and earlier - - and the survival rates and quality of life rates after such an arrest are sky rocketing accordingly . is there too much direct-to-consumer marketing by medical-related companies ? probably . is your personal risk for experiencing sudden cardiac arrest per calendar year low ? definitely . ...but do those smug reviewers refuse to buy vehicles with airbags in them just because their risk of being in an accident is low and the direct-to-consumer marketing is irritating to them ? no ! those will be the same folks who want their cars with anti-lock breaks , airbags , the best side-impact reinforcements.. . and being a good driver ( ie , " just improve your diet " ) wo n't cancel their risk for being in an accident . i hope you never have to use this machine , but as an emergency healthcare worker - - both pre-hospital and in the emergency room - - i cannot say enough positive about aed 's in the community setting ! do n't run out and purchase this out of paranoia , however if yuo are at risk for a sudden cardiac event consider if this would be appropriate for you , your family members , your apartment building , your church , etc. ...and rest assured that it is absolutely safe - - it is impossible to hurt a loved one with this , you can only help . ...and to those who gave negative reviews on this aed ? do n't forget to pay your car insurance ! .. 
software neg 659.txt i bought pc-cillin because it has 4 stars in amazon rating , which is much better than mcafee and norton . but i am wrong . before installed pc-cillin , everything is fine . but after installed , i can not access my yahoo email . after calling customer service two times , even uninstalled pc-cillin , i still can not access yahoo email . now i have to re-install windows xp . it will cost me a lot of time . anyone knows what wrong is 
camera pos 57.txt i purchased this camera online one month ago from amazon here [...] and i have taken pictures from alaska to florida and in washington i love how the mark ii captures images imho more clearly than any film slr could ever take . best camera i have every use 
books pos 719.txt stu 's wit and cleverness shines through on every page , making what could be only drab descriptions into entertainment even for those who know these tricks by heart . if you like this , get a copy of stuart crump 's *it 's yo-yo time ! * which includes not only tricks , but history , articles , and fiction on yo-yos - - all of top quality 
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
books pos 885.txt mark l . sirower 's thought-provoking and complex book is actually a critically acclaimed academic study that challenges the reasoning behind corporate acquisitions . pointing out that acquisitions usually devalue the acquiring companies ( a loss from which they rarely recover ) , sirower delves into management fundamentals and mathematical analyses to get to the bottom of merger and acquisition problems . three detailed appendices feature plenty of financial calculations , performance measures and data from various corporate acquisitions to back up his assertions . we [...] recommend this book to those involved in mergers and acquisitions and to other readers intrigued by the inside view of this " carnivorous quest . 
software pos 276.txt was a fan of nortons till after reading reviews and going onsite to check out this anti-virus package , it just has more to offer and less of a resource hog 
camera pos 22.txt i like using a tripod with my long zoom lens , and this device has really added to my hobby . the remote is perfect for taking pictures of birds in my birdbath and squirrels and other critters in my yard . i personally do n't like cables , i do n't like dealing with them . this is just right for my purposes . the remote is also better for taking pics of people . it is much better than a timer in my opinion since i can move people in and out easier and more efficiently , taking pictures more quickly . this gives me so much more control than using a timer . 
dvd pos 239.txt i am a faithful csi watcher , and have been since the shows inception . i buy the dvd sets and enjoy them tremendously . however , there are two trends i see developing that i do n't care for- --one , there is too much catherine . we know everything about her kid , her dead husband , her crook father , etc. , and she 's really an annoying character . she makes nasty comments about everyone ; she 's always being insubordinate ; she goes out with men half her age ( let 's quit trying to make her seem like a young chick when she is n't , especially wearing those skin tight jeans ) , she is very arrogant , and even though she continually screws up ( loses her camera ; blows up the lab in a previous season , accuses people before she has all the evidence ) , they made her a supervisor . also , the plot line with grissom and sara , while predictable , is not the greatest . i think grissom would be better off paired with lady heather . there 's an idea ! let 's see more of lady heather . still , even with the annoying overabundance of the least likable character ( catherine ) , the show is one of the best , if not the best , on tv ( up there with without a trace , ncis and numbers ) . keep ' em coming 
dvd neg 394.txt sit down under a tree , give it a big hug , fire up you bong and go to sleep . that 's what i was waiting for freeman to do all movie . it 's a shame that special effects that were so ground breaking were waisted on this sci-fi hippie flick . i 'm surprised that freeman 's suit was n't tie-dyed . keep your money say no to drugs ! 
music pos 206.txt pete rock and c.l. smooth came out of no where with this classic in " 92 " . i was expecting the t-roy tribute to be the only highlight , but this joint was bangin ! the very underrated cl had the dope metaphors and complex lyrics . chocolate boy wonder had the legendary " horns " going on . the whole album is a banger . fav 's are pete 's sake , the basement ( pete 's cuz heavy d rips it ) , mecca and the soul brother , troy - they reminisce , straighten it out ( a kick in the balls for bootleggers ) , ghetto 's of the mind and skinz ( cl 's cuz grand puba steals the show on this one ) . eternally classic , rock on . 
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
software neg 874.txt i have been using turbo tax since 1998 , i use computers every day , and ( as an engineer ) i am used to using difficult applications ( pro-e , mathcad , ug , etc ) . this years edition of turbo tax deluxe was the worst turbo tax i have ever seen ( & i usually like it very much ) . i purchased in january and had to update 4 times . one update took 6 hours ( some of us live in the boonies and broadband is not an option ) . in addition , the application brought up menus and selections that were not applicable ( farm income at the pa state form ) . when i tried to delete the entries ( at the federal level as instructed ) they would not . my 1 business expense entry kept getting duplicated ( " copy 2 " and every time i deleted it , it would reappear on the next pass through . every time i entered the " state " tab , it acted like i was never there before with a " start state " button that always lead me through all the same questions ( it did retain my answers from prior visits ) . where was the " continue state " button ? i also noticed that using the " back " button and then moving foreward again caused never before seen dialogs to occur , even though the same " foreward " choices were made . once i backed up to check something & then moving foreward caused my state tax status to jump from +$46 to - $1548 ! ! upon backing up i saw that some of the check boxes regarding the sale of my home were unchecked . i did not check them , but rather backed up two more screens , then moved foreward again the two screens and the boxes were again checked ! one more foreward click and my taxes again returned to +$46. one of the years i liked best was when there was a " checklist " so you could see where you had been and what was already addressed . this years state was definetly worse than the federal , but even that was a dissapointment . i did complete this years filings & submitted both online , i hope i do n't get burned ! turbo tax ! - - please improve for next year or it may be my last year . you realize that at 59.95 + 39.95 filing + my time + aggravation like this year , and an accountant is looking attractive . if you are on the " inside " you probably know why this is happening...outsourcing code gen to india , not outsourcing code gen to india , programmer cut-backs , programming application changes , archiving application changes , project management issues , whatever . just realize that there is a problem & fix it 
dvd pos 337.txt i have been following the laughing man fansubs , so i 've covered all this material before . i 'm acquiring the dvds as they come out to have legit copies . the desc says 2 collectibles toys , it 's actually 3. there is batou on the plate like motoko from vol 3. in fact , the base plates fit together , which makes me belive that vol 5 will have another piece that will fit together to complete a composite set . the other two toys are the chinese assassin with the gun-arm and the old robot unit from the organ-farming business ( with the fake southern accent ) . these are easier to put together , i had problems with the tachikoma from the last set , it broke when i tried to put the legs on . have n't gotten around to the super-glue session yet . the product itself : stand alone complex - 2nd gig continues some of the best animation and smartest television ever produced . buy it , share it with those persons worthy / capable of appreciating it 
books neg 505.txt while this book is a good reminder to high school students and their parents of the kinds of illiberal attitudes extant on many college campuses , i cannot recommend it to other readers . the author unfortunately perpetuates the right-wing-republican-only stereotype believed by many outside evangelical christianity . she battles as much for her political leanings away from gun control and in favor of all bush administration policies as she does for the truth claims of the gospel . indeed , in reading some of the chapters , it is difficult to see that she has any concept of a christian worldview that might veer in any part from republican platform positions . this is really too bad , because she makes many good points and appears to be courageous in her positions . i would not have begrudged her political point of view at all , had she made a clearer distinction between that and her theological position 
health pos 90.txt this baby has helped me track my heart through all the highs and lows and ultimately allowed me to assist my doctor in verifying that something is seriously wrong with my blood pressure . we 're yet to verify what the culprit is.. . but this little guy helps me know when to slow down or kick it up a notch . i would highly recommend this guy if you 're looking for a wrist-inflatable blood pressure monitor . it 's been consistant , reliable , and informative for both myself and my doctor 
music neg 993.txt when john cipollina was in the lineup and he and rhythm guitarist gary duncan were in the groove , there was no better sounding group than qms . cipollina 's talent was awe inspiring . unfortunately , one of quicksilver 's overbearing and domineering members ways led to cipollina 's departure . without cipollina , qms sounded like just another mediocre rock group , despite the talents of duncan , freiberg and elmore . i saw them at the hollywood palladium 33 years ago and can verify this.if you want to hear them at their best , buy the 1st album , happy trails , or lost gold and silver 
music neg 781.txt golijov 's music incorporates jewish , arabic , christian , afro-brazilian , and other ethnic influences ad nauseum.. . so what ? listening to this disc is like having dental work done without novocaine . only diversity nazis who want to smugly bask in their own " enlightened " weltanschauung will find much to enjoy here . golijov cunningly caters to these folks ' taste . may he ride it all the way to the bank . 
software neg 123.txt 3d home architect is a complete crock . i have attempted to use it many times . after hours of reading and playing with it i am still unable to perform the most simple task . i own v1.3 of this software and it outperforms the current version by light years . i also spent lots of time trading emails with broderbund in an attempt to obtain either additional product support or a refund and i got nothing . so henceforth they will not see another dime of my hard earned $. sorry 
camera neg 968.txt if you purchase this wide angle lens adapter for the xacti hd1a , you will not be able to take still photos using the built in flash . the adapter blocks the flash and causes black shadows in the bottom half of your photos . it does work well for video . the sanyo xacti hd1a camera itself is a disappointment 
health neg 346.txt was initially impressed with the backrest ; however , because the straps are not adjustable , it dose n't stay in place . the one snap is not sufficient for holding the backrest in place 
software neg 890.txt this software is fine for altering digital pictures if you do not have any other programs , but if you want to make exciting slideshows , this software is very basic and not user-friendly . i had technical problems from the start . you are better off using ms powerpoint than this software 
dvd neg 605.txt equilibrium is a curate 's egg - its best parts are not good throughout , and its worst aspects make erratic appearances . the acting is really the least of its problems ; the cardinal failure was a script that could not decide what kind of movie it wanted to be when it grew up . equilibrium , however poorly , aspires to be a dystopian film , and there exists a dystopian formula at work in fiction and film alike . such a formula was employed magnificently in michael radford 's adaptation of george orwell 's 1984. contrarily , films imperil themselves in discarding the formula as evidenced by alfonso cuaron 's junky adaptation of p.d. james ' the children of men . there are essentially three parts to this formula . first , there must be a depiction of a believable society , and plausible justifications for its existence . the author or script writer must paint vividly , yet remain nuanced , since at this stage his purpose is to show the reader or viewer , without yet telling him the philosophy underlying it . second , two-thirds of the way through there must be a conversation between protagonist and antagonist , which formally unveils the ethical dilemma . here , the protagonist offers his alternative , usually an acknowledgement of the humane . third , the dystopian resolution lies in the protagonist 's choice : he must surrender to the system , rebel against it , or be conquered by it . the ending , if it is not tragic in the classical sense , must be ambiguous ; if it is ended happily , it is no longer a matter for the reader or viewers ' thoughts : the problem has been resolved , and he may retire from it and become forgetful of it . libria , the society depicted in equilibrium , is a post-apocalyptic society wherein feeling has been criminalized under the pretext that human feelings , and the actions carried out on their behalf , represent the fons et origio of man 's inhumanity to man . the objective of outlawing sentiments is the preservation of peace . is this believable ? ultimately , it is not because the viewer is given no other reason for this society to exist , no justification for its brutality except that it is by this method alone that peace may be preserved . however , a desire for peace is predicated on an aversion to war , and aversion is something we principally feel . a more believable premise would have been the prohibition of certain feelings , but it is also unbelievable because it is inconsistent . the protagonist ( john preston , a member of the grammaton cleric , an elite government agency for enforcing laws against so-called ` sense-crimes ' ) marries , begets children , hesitates in killing his partner - what point would there be in any of this in a society that had eliminated feeling ? and , if we are being generous , and suppose that this was done intentionally so as to say , " you can never entirely eliminate feeling , " it fails still ; because if the denizens of libria were n't completely devoid of feeling , they could n't be as cowed as they are depicted . instead , countless times throughout the film characters make comments , statements , enquiries that can only have as their possible source or response an emotion . to have had characters who were truly apathetic , or for whom the fictitious drug prozium was effective , they would have had more in common with star trek 's borg . the backdrop for this dystopia , then , lacks subtlety or nuance . from the first fifteen seconds of film , the viewer ethically objects - it remains tediously manichean throughout . the viewer is given a straw man and immediately begins tearing it down and the only suspense is literally in waiting for what we know will happen . in brave new world , it is mustapha mond 's conversation with john the savage . in 1984 , it is o'brien 's talk with winston smith . in the children of men , it is a debate between theo and the xan . in equilibrium , the formal unveiling of the ethical dilemma happens in a haphazard way throughout , culminating in a fight scene that lacks the awe inspired by the matrix three years before . here was the moment for the " talky " bit of the film , the sophisticated counter-punch , the moral awakening , the vindication of the human ; instead , the viewer is given another low-brow , hollywood denouement . john preston does nothing to justify his alternative to the totalitarian status quo - there is no bit of dialogue with father where lines are spoken which conveys the notion that " feelings are essential to thought , " or that " peace has been obtained at a terrible price . " all the loose ends , littered liberally throughout the film , are never addressed : why have art in libria ? why does father intonate , and raise the pitch of his voice to manipulate the masses in a scene reminiscent of a leni riefenstahl propaganda film ? a better film would have acknowledged these scenes , and defended their inclusion in a climatic dialogue between john preston and father ( or dupont as it turns out ) . the conclusion of equilibrium can be summarized as follows : " good guy kills bad guys , sixty-second revolution ensues , people can feel again , hero smiles , time to go to bed . " there was n't ever a genuine ethical dilemma anyway : what was wrong was obviously wrong , and what was right was intuitively right . the viewer never believed the reasons libria came to be , or at least they never found them plausible in the way they found huxley 's , orwell 's , james ' , zamyatin 's , or koestler 's explanations . in equilibrium it was all simply the soft groundwork prepared for the banal , unoriginal action movie to follow . the plot , then , was in some respects as shallow as the tendentious storylines in soft-core porn films : they need n't be sensical because no one is interested in the story , but rather for the titillation , arousal , and amusement . many viewers of equilibrium are fans of flashy action sequences ( a majority of whom were not disappointed as their reviews attest ) ; but for those seeking a fuller cinematic experience , equilibrium is an unfortunate disappointment . during the film a woman asks preston , " why are you alive ? " preston responds with the bureaucratically sterile answer , " i 'm alive to safeguard the continuity of this great society . to serve libria . " " it 's circular . you exist to continue your existence . what 's the point ? " she asks . and , what 's the point is exactly the point about this film . 
camera neg 397.txt i have an r717 camera . i bought the dock too . each one comes with a battery and the batteries look identical . hp labels both as an r07 battery but the l1812a has squared edges running logitudinally and this feature makes it very difficult to remove from the camera . the other battery is the l1812b and is identical in every way except its edges are rounded and that makes enough difference to allow it to easily slide out of the camera . i bought a " clone " battery ( not hp ) and its edges are rounded too . maybe hp could explain the difference . just thought you would like to know 
music pos 436.txt the most juiced-up sountern rock around . check out the tango guitar on " too hard to handle " and i always get a kick out of rick 's ole ' man . it 's a shame that there are n't bands like this around today . 
camera pos 351.txt this filter is an excellent cost efficient way to protect your valuable lenses . 
books pos 171.txt those who condemn this book for not being a long , boring list of name origins and meanings , or for stating that their name has gone out of style for today 's children , are missing the point . " baby names now " is a fun , readable guide to what people are naming their children in the early 2000s , including famous namesakes ( saints , popes , presidents , royalty , music and movie stars ) and what some celebrities have named their children . it 's also fascinating to read how certain names have gone out of style : for example " lisa , " " amy , " " susan " and " dawn " were very popular for babies born in the 60s ( and thus , my classmates ) , but are rarely used today . the book 's major flaw is in not recognizing that parents name their children using the last names of people they admire , not just the first names . at one point , it reads " harrison ford...is almost certainly the reason for the name harrison 's popularity " - excuse me , ever hear of the beatles ? the entries for the name " jordan " do n't mention michael jordan , certainly a major inspiration for that name in this area . the entry for " jackson " does n't mention michael , janet , or samuel l . the entry for " landon " does n't mention michael . the entries for " cassidy " do n't mention david and shaun , so popular in the 70s when many of today 's moms were growing up . the entry for " lucas " - do i have to say it , fellow star wars kids grown up and naming their children ? and come on , how can you mention the name " wayne " without acknowledging the popularity of john wayne ? still , this is a lot of fun , and i give the authors credit for recognizing that " althea " is from a grateful dead song . i look forward to the next edition 
music pos 144.txt " i have been a brickman fan since the very first album . much of his early songs were uplifting piano solos without much " electronic enhancement . " escape is a wonderful album full of songs you might find on his early albums . there are three excellent vocals on the cd that will please fans who favor his more recent work which tends to feature the vocalist over the piano . if you are a brickman fan , this is a must have album . 
books pos 353.txt like most of the reviewers , i went into this book expecting the humor and absurdity of the website . and it 's all there , in it 's ridiculous glory . however , this book is almost like two books in one . upon reading the footnotes a much deeper tale begins to unfold . beyond the nonsensical ramblings of robert , the book tells a tale of a lonely kid using ninjas as an escape from his sad life . his parents hate him , he has no friends , and nobody else listens to him , except his babysitter and faithful dog . the further you read , the more you begin to see the deeper story unfold . however , even while the story gets darker , the humor remains , creating an experience that is both hilarious and touching . check this book out 
books pos 238.txt i was a student of mr. clawson 's , and highly recommend any student of his to use this book as a study guide 
software pos 128.txt not a complicated application , but it successfully repartitioned a 100g drive into 3rds on a new lenovo laptop with xp sp2. i would recommend using the dos version which you can get just by booting on the cd . requires no install , you can simply boot , make the changes , and it is done . seems to be very straightforward and i would just be inherently nervous about repartitioning the boot drive with windows running 
health neg 697.txt while one would think it would be impossible to foul up such a simple and common tool , the manufacture has indeed done so . the " spoon " portion of this shoe horn is attached to a heavy coil . i supposed this is intended to give the working end some flexibility , but instead of using a fastener or weld , its just rolled metal inserted into the coil . after only two uses the " spoon " came out of the coil and even though i could easily enough put it back together , after a couple of more uses it became so loose it would not stay . basically its now a shoe horn minus the twenty something inch handle now . would recommend buying a more simply designed , single piece shoe horn . 
music neg 539.txt i do n't know who these people are , but they will give praise for anything ! ms. london is a wonderful singer , but the producers must have given her sleeping pills . this is a boring cd ! like peggi blu , who won star search , her record company " toned her down " for her debut album , with banal and boring songs with that stupid hip / hop " dum de dum " mary j . blige beat , which will send you to nowheresville . aretha franklin 's boring so damn happy was so awful , it 's no longer available . she went " mary j . " and almost lost the crown off her head . because she 's aretha franklin ( queen of soul ) she did manage ( somehow ) to get a non-deserved grammy for " wonderful " from that cd . the grammys also presented the queen with her 17th competitive grammy for her " a house is not a home " mess . what must they be thinking ? well , latoya london wo n't be considered for anything for this hip / hop mess . she should get serious about some r & b ( i mean the real r & b ) and leave this light-weight fluff alone . latoya , you have a great voice - - use it . contact sam dees , jo armstead or ashford & simpson and beg for some material ! and , as madame rose would say , " sing out , louise ! ! ! 
health pos 977.txt this is a good massager that can hone in on the pressure points . the knob is a little large for getting at specific reflex spots , but generally does the job 
dvd neg 451.txt this movie was awfull . supertroopers was awsome and beerfest was even better , so i suppose they can be forgiven for this cinematic abortion 
music neg 82.txt chingy is perhaps the most generic rapper in the world , he is a wack lyricist and all he ever talks about is gettin pu*sy . along with several other wack commercial rappers of recent years he tarnishes the name of hip hop , and because of retards like this non hip hop listeners dismiss the genre as cr*p and talentless ( which is not true ) . jackpot went multi platinum , which speaks volumes about the number of idiots who will buy anything with a tight beat . in fact the beats are n't all that bad , if this was an instrumental this would actually get a higher rating as i would not have to listen to his irritating voice . if you heard right thurr in a club and thought it was tight ( like i did ) , you are wrong , chingy did not produce this album so he deserves no credit for the beats . his lyrics are absolute garbage , what is sad is that a loser like this can get decent production , and some top lyricists have to work with nothing . compared to this album , his follow up powerballin bombed and with any luck it will be the last we ever hear from this loser . find him working at a mcdonalds near you soon ! ! 
software neg 677.txt i spent 3 days trying to get this installed . i think the complication was that i had norton systemworks 2005 and wanted to add the nav 2006 on top of it . well i finally got it done , but not until i 'd restored my system to a backup from before i 'd installed nsw 2005. at that point i had nsw 2003 installed . i had to manually uninstall that and remove tons of entries from the registry . norton 's automated uninstall failed over and over so i gave up on that and did it by hand . then i installed nsw 2005 with nav . when i went to install nav 2006 it was unable to uninstall the old version . so i had to restore the system again . this time i installed nsw 2005 without nav . i was then able to install nav 2006. it is working now . it just should n't be this difficult 
software pos 219.txt this is my first experience with gps . this product makes using it a simple experience with on board instructions . viewing the screen on a laptop as opposed to most of the portable gps units is a definite advantage to the user . i would purchase another immediately if the need arose . . 
books pos 285.txt having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts , i have a new found love for negotiating . in reading this book , the authors have laid out a clear and concise program in which to begin , work through and close negotiatings . a great book for beginners and a good brush up for intermediates and pros 
books neg 391.txt native tongue by carl hiaasen this book is fast paced , has a lot of energy , and a zany weirdness . no doubt , it is a page-turner . and it is better than the other book of hiaasen 's i have read , double whammy . but all that does not a good read make.. . a strength of hiaasen 's books are his characters , well defined and numerous . most are straightforward stereotypes , from the out-of-luck journalist-turned-publicist , the vapid sex-phone girlfriend , a steroid-doped strongman , the crude-and-sleazy millionaire bad-guy , a muscular-but-clear-minded black good-guy cop , to the dumb-but-intrinsically good-guy burglars , and loads of redneck florida " crackers " . hiaasen makes this cast interesting by having them jump through zany hoops , and by casting two characters that are quite original , an environmentally-militant 70+ aged woman , and an environmentally-crazed former-governor-gone-wildman . and we meet psychotic whales and sex-starved dolphins . etc. etc. so what 's wrong . mainly , it 's that the book stays at a level of tv-sitcom-gone-book . it achieves zero depth in dealing with any subject . one might think that the exception is the environment , but the story is so inane that it cannot achieve traction even here . so perhaps native tongue is just pure entertainment ? if you like brainless action , gratuitous violence , gross humor , and zany " fun " , native tongue might satisfy . i have one additional problem with hiassen , and it 's similar to the problem i so often have with michael crichton . these books stink of hypocrisy . crichton makes a ( seriously good ) living off nifty science ideas while constantly bashing that same science . hiassen 's heroes work hard to rise out of the trash heap of modern society , but hiaasen 's writing routinely wallows in that same trash heap for supposed laughs and zaniness . while i enjoyed a few sections of native tongue , i had no doubts at the end that i had wasted many hours that should have been better spent 
camera pos 506.txt i got this bag for under $15 and it is worth every penny . it fits my canon zr850 and accessories . it looks nice and it seems to be a great quality . 
dvd neg 534.txt this particular dvd edition of nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film 's mood . i 'm not sure when this " score " was " written " , although it is far from effective in depicting the time period of the film . nor does it convey the proper mood in many points during the film . with this edition 's music , i got confused at times between what i saw and what i heard , and the whole thing became an unaffective joke after a while . if you want an affective , edge-of-the-seat experience out of nosferatu , i reccomend another edition . 
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone 
books neg 378.txt this book is out of rint for one reason , it is terrible . i am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says . she blames p&amp ; g for the destruction of the environment , mistreating employees , the role of women in society and racism . p&amp ; g has done many things wrong , most big companies have , but it is not the cause of the fall of western society 
health pos 989.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are 
software neg 142.txt i am an experienced computer user , and i bought this primarily on my previous experince with symantec products , which had been good . my experience with this product was unfortunately , very poor . first - the product claims to be able to clone your boot partition , but this failed repeatedly , creating cloned partitions which were not bootable . second - tech support failed to provide an answer for days while i eventually figured out myself that i needed to use the bootable media to make a clone of my system disk - something the windows application was happy to try and fail at without warning . even when i attempted to provide this information to tech support so they could answer similar questions for others , they did n't get what i was saying and sent me another form letter response detailing how to make a copy ( instructions which failed of course ) . third - on another occasion , even using the bootable media , i got the error " 1517 " when attempting to clone by boot partition . searching the web revealed others having this problem , and symantec tech support full of bogus solutions for it . fourth - no support for usb / firewire drives with the bootable media . on the plus side - it did resize partitions i asked it to without trouble ( i give it one extra star for something working ) 
dvd pos 353.txt i absolutely love this movie ! it 's one of my favorites and i could watch it over and over . it 's got good plot , good acting and great child stars . i 'd recommend this movie to anyone to has n't seen it yet ( if there is any such person ) 
books neg 888.txt i forced myself to finish this book , though it was touch and go in several places , just so i could feel able to review it fairly . it seems i liked it even less than reviewer ms. trieste " cf " , below , but i am in general agreement with her points . there are just so many things wrong with this book that even the grating " famous names " do n't really stand out for me . let 's see , where to begin : the naive political ranting , the unspeakable dialogue , the corny love interest , the wholly implausible technology , the absurd coincidences , the distractingly disjointed structure , the proliferation of minor characters , the talky explanations of the detective 's thought processes , the total incompetence and corruption of the police - i ca n't go on ; it 's hackneyed and poorly written , and that 's all there is to it . 
camera pos 45.txt this uv filter produces high quality pictures at a fraction of the cost of many ather brands 
music pos 756.txt i love to working with this soundtrack in the back ground . the music is fun , whimsical , and out of the ordinary . i like pop and rock , but sometimes you just need good music without the lame lyrics 
software pos 564.txt we purchased this program on the recommendation of a friend because we have a 4-yr-old grandson who 's very interested in art and is comfortable with computers . turns out his older sister has the program in school , kindergarten . they both enjoy having this to play with when they visit 
dvd pos 952.txt afi finally release a live dvd , and as a portrayal of the band as it stands now , it is very impressive . it does lack older , more hardcore punk tracks , but that is to be expected as the band grows and matures into the band it is now . each album progresses towards more epic scales , and songs balance beauty with power . " i heard a voice " captures this on film , and the fan gets to witness afi at their most grandiose . watching vocalist davey havok sing " god called in sick today " while being held up by the audience is amazing to watch and gives this reviewer chills everytime . the masterful command of theatrics from each member , especially havok , creates a powerful feeling unable to fully describe but easy to appreciate . the setlist itself is perfectly put together , with the only gripe being the exclusion of " kiss and control . " the rest of the songs display all facets of afi , from the fast paced " dancing through sunday " , ( which includes a nicely executed guitar solo by guitarist jade puget ) " kill caustic " , " death of seasons " , " totalimmortal " and " a single second " , ( the last of which features a guest appearance by nick 13 of tiger army ) to the slower paced " this time imperfect " and " endlessly , she said " as well as all of their recent singles , and a few more cuts from their latest releases " decemberunderground " and " sing the sorrow " . extras are geared towards the fans , with despair faction interviews and the inclusion of videos from their massive scavenger hunt prior to the decemberunderground release , as well as a poster . each band member has their moments to shine , and are all very capable and talented muscians . bassist hunter burgan and drummer adam carson lay down a solid foundation as well as background vocals , as puget layers his unique guitar sound and obvious mastery , in this genre , over the instrument . this is all built up to allow havok to use his unique vocal approach to wander in between melodies and notes , mixing powerful singing with a fantastic screaming voice , to create beautiful atmospheres of sound that can crash down on you just as easily as it hypnotizes you . the quality of the sound production as well as the video edits are fantastic . unlike other live dvd 's , where the concert is edited to the point of a music video , " i heard a voice " has just the right amount to not make you forget you are watching a live dvd , but also add to the overall effect of the performance . the sound is very clear , and the sound levels are perfectly set to allow each member to cut through the mix . this is overall a very stellar production , and fans who have already embraced the new direction of the band , as well as new fans and casual fans , should find the dvd to be quite entertaining and a very worthwhile buy 
camera neg 908.txt i bought this frame to display pictures of my newborn daughter on my desk at work . i did n't really have high expectations for it , because it was so inexpensive . as soon as it was turned on i had the following problems : 1 ) five seconds after i turn it on , it always says " usb connected ! " - - and i do n't have a usb cable inserted into it ! this also freezes the device . i found a way around this by selecting the memory card to read from within this initial 5 seconds or turning the frame on without any memory cards inserted . 2 ) i cannot copy files over to it as described in pages 33-35 of the manual . my computer does recognize the usb device , but when i try to copy files over to the frame , i get a " path is not found " error . 3 ) i thought i could live with the above 2 problems if it could just show my pictures . so i used a card reader to load .jpg files onto a cf card at 400x300 resolution . when , i plugged the card into the frame , these files show up as " invalid " when i try to view them . emailed coby with the 3 bullet points above , got a response 30 hours later saying : " coby tech support to me 5:25 am ( 3 hours ago ) hello , we have received your inquiry . it appears that your unit is defective . return the unit to the retailer for an exchange . " what an inconvenience and disappointment . i will be buying a different product 
dvd neg 726.txt if shakespeare could come back to life and see what they made with his play " othello " , he would remove heaven and earth crying out for justice . be an actor in a play of shakespeare it 's difficult and only the best ones can do it , not mediocre actors with face of children . what 's martin sheen doing here ? he should be in better movies and in this trash , if you want a good " othello " adaptation , get the movie with kenneth brannag and laurence fishburne , are good actors and a better movie 
books neg 438.txt mr. dennett 's book demonstrates the ignorance , irrationality , and dishonesty of humanists . discussing the meaning of word materialsim , professor dennett says : " in its scientific or philosophical sense , it refers to a theory that aspires to explain all the phenomena without recourse to anything immaterial- -like a cartesian soul , or " ectoplasm " - -or god . the standard negation of materialistic in the scientific sense is dualistic , which maintains that there are two entirely different kinds of substance , matter and ...whatever minds are supposedly made of . " ( p . 302 ) philosophers stopped believing in dualism a thousand years ago with the development of metaphysics . a modern view is that man is an indefinability that becomes conscious of its own existence . the philosophy that god does not exist is not materialism , it is naturalism . materialism is the view that all that exists is matter . materialists frequently say that free will is an illusion and that the experience of the existence of oneself is some kind of epiphenomena . ( in a quote below , you will see that dennett puts free will in a list of things people belief in . ) it is not clear from the book whether dennett is a materialist , but he is certainly a naturalist . concerning the proof of god 's existence , he trots out david hume 's " who made god ? " which is based on a misunderstanding of the principle of causality . i refer the reader to my personal website for my version of the proof . let 's look at two quotes , the first is at the end of the chapter " belief in belief " and the other at the beginning of the chapter " morality and religion " : " that is , is n't it true that , whether or not god exists , religious belief is at least as important as the belief in democracy , in the rule of law , in free will ? the very widespread ( but far from universal ) opinion is that religion is the bulwark of morality and meaning . " ( p . 245 ) " without the divine carrot and stick , goes this reasoning , people would loll about aimlessly or indulge their basest desires , beak their promises , cheat on their spouses , neglect their duties , and so on . there are two well-known problems with this reasoning : ( 1 ) it does n't seem to be true , which is good news , since ( 2 ) is is such a demeaning view of human nature . " ( p . 279 ) in the first chapter , he mentions " bulwark of morality " and " meaning . " but in the second chapter , he leaves out " meaning . " if our purpose in life is not to get to heaven , what is our purpose is life ? whether religion supports morality can be determined by observing whether there is a correlation of moral conduct with religious belief . mr. dennett makes such a correlation to the detriment of religion by citing the high divorce rate of fundamentalist christians . there are worse things than divorcing your spouse . disingenuousness can be worse and can take the form of leaving unsaid what should have been said . mr. dennett should have explained why he did not discuss the idea that religion gives meaning to life . the only miracle mentioned in mr. dennett 's book is the shroud of turin , which has on it a mysterious image of a crucified man . since no one claims to know how the image got there , it can be called a miracle . however , mr. dennett does not tell us anything about it . the reader is left to find out about the famous relic by looking it up on the internet . 
books neg 915.txt a singularly dull book , the characterizations seemed flat and the peg on which the novel is hung , a south victorious with modern weapons , seemed too trivial . the author has to make something compelling in that conceit or for the reader the book will mean nothing . unfortunately there seems little real purpose to the idea unless one finds the characterizations of historical figures believable and they are not . the character of robert e . lee in the book is just too , too good to be sympathetic or even credible and the stock characters that pop up to lend support seem like cardboard cutouts . i finally felt that the book was going in such an obvious direction that i put it down halfway through . i am not sure if it turns out the way i think but frankly there was nothing in the first half of the book to make me care one way or the other 
health pos 872.txt i bought this as a present for my mother but tried it first to be sure it was worth the money . it really is ! after using this the recomended 15 minuets , my feet felt just like they did when i had a professional foot massage ! i highly recomend this for anyone who enjoys having thier feet massaged 
camera pos 822.txt i purchase this lens for the digital rebel xt body i also purchased through amazon . so far the lens has performed as expected . it is solid and well built . sticks slightly , when zooming through 200mm . images are crisp and focus is sharp . working at 300mm can be a challenge without using a mono or tripod . shooting a bird in flight at 300mm is a trick . overall , good lens for $200. if you have more money , then a lens with image stabilization ( is ) would be the way to go . 
music pos 298.txt i 'm only giving this 5 stars because the actual recordings are priceless . however i 'm telling you now . do not buy this album this is stolen goods and the recordings that are on this cd are not even of the finest quality . this is purely a commercial album released by the record company without the permission of jack off jill 's members . and thus they recieve no royalties for the selling of this album . fear not though . you can get the tracks off this album completely free and in better quality . agent moulder of jack off jill has remastered and released them on her website for your downloading pleasure . you can find them here : t-c-r.net / jojmusic while you are there check out and support her new band tcr , and their new album ' the chrome recordings' . singer jessicka also has an amazing new band if you did n't already know . check her and scarling . out at scarling.com god bless jack off jill . 
camera pos 542.txt i had this camera for 6 months and so far there have been no problems . the only flaw is that it dosent have a long battery time . it takes good pictures and short videos 
health neg 60.txt stay away from this seller " salter " . i ordered this product 20 days ago and finally got an email saying that there 's an unexpected delay ! i cancelled right away , after waiting for almost a month 
software neg 850.txt if i could , i would give this negative stars.caveat emptor ! let the buyer beware . i made the horrible and expensive mistake of buying this the beginning of feb. 2007. i had to open the box to realize i needed to load it as administrator . that was beyond my limited knowledge . since it was opened i stupidly believed in their money back guarantee and got a return authorization . it took forever and many calls . they kept on lying on when the refund was mailed . yes , this went into april 2007 ! ! ! ! ! they insisted the mailing date was april 9th . on the 18th i thought i 'd never get it . they stopped payment and maybe issued another . well , i received the $199 ( i am shafted on my state sales tax . ) but because those idiots did n't put the name of my street , it apprently was returned and what i got was postmarked april 16th ! ! ! ! ! and they refuse to rescind the stoppayment . sooooo...i now need to pray i will ever receive the replacement . horrible customer service . i ca n't beleive these people sell accounting and contact software 
music pos 641.txt this album is hard ! e-40 always come sic wit it . if you do n't got it , ya betta git it . it reminds me of his ( my fav . ) & quot ; i a major way&quot ; album . sluppin ' from intro till outro . he is the bay area 's finnest . please belave it 
health neg 982.txt this item is more of a foot and ankle massager if you have long legs . i am tall with a 37 " inseam . this item is not made for someone who has longer than " average " legs unless you 're looking for a foot and ankle massage rather than a calf massage . 
camera neg 185.txt i have owned several canon digital cameras and like them very much . i purchased the a520 as a gift for a family member . after several months the lens cover problem that everyone writes about started happening . it would stick paritally open or closed or all the way open . the key word being stick or stuck . i took it to a canon service center and they repaired it under warranty . after trying to use it for the 1st time several weeks later the lens cover was stuck open and would not budge . i took it back to the service center and they repaired it again . while looking at the paperwork after the repair they stated courtesy repair only and not under warranty . it was under warranty and had 90 days from the date they did not repair it the first time . after emailing canon they said to just email them if i have a problem and they would see what they could do . very poor . i like canon digital cameras but wish i had never purchased the a520. i bought it because of it 's low price , which was a big mistake 
health pos 820.txt i am a big fan of 2 " curling irons , but they can be difficult to find . my last one ( different brand ) wore out a couple years ago and i had a hard time finding a replacement until now . i have shoulder length hair , fairly thick , plus wavy and frizzy . 2 " curling irons do a great job of smoothing and straightening my hair , while also turning it under ( or up , if desired ) at the ends for a nice , finished look . i find it much easier and faster than using a traditional flat / straight iron while achieving superior results . you will not get " curl " with this curling iron . you will get smooth hair quickly and easily . highly recommended 
camera pos 317.txt this lens has only two " faults . " first , it is big and heavy- -quality construction often yields a heavy lens . second , once the photographer has seen the results that this lens can produce , there is a likelihood that he or she will be unhappy with the other lenses in the camera bag . results first : the images are razor sharp with this zoom mounted on my nikon d70s . i can get shots that i never could get before because this lens is so crisp that subjects taken at a distance nevertheless can be cropped to produce an acceptable close-up image . subjects taken at more normal distances are breathtakingly sharp- -as if shot with an excellent prime lens . this is a fast lens ( f / 2.8 throughout its entire zoom range ) . almost more importantly , this lens has the best " bokeh " that i have ever experienced in a lens . " bokeh , " to the extent that i understand the concept ( it is a japanese word meaning roughly " unfocused " ) , is a word describing whether the out-of-focus portion of an image ( i.e. a blurred background in a photo in which only the subject is in focus ) has a pleasing look to it . this lens produces wonderful , creamy bokeh . the sharpness and bokeh , combined with the excellent bright color rendition of this lens , makes this one a true classic . i have occasionally experienced minor ghosting on this lens when shooting into a very bright subject , i.e. the sun reflecting off of the ocean . this is a normal shortfall of a zoom lens comprised of a multitude of elements , and i have sometimes experienced this . but such occasions are rare . the autofocusing action of this lens is very good . even birds at very long distances usually produce a quick , snappy autofocus lock on my nikon d70s . very seldom does it " hunt " for an af lock , and these occasions are likely due to operator error rather than the lens . this lens also features vibration reduction ( vr ) which enables it to produce acceptable images below what an f / 2.8 lens would otherwise be suitable for . the vr really works , too , although it is by no means a panacea for dim lighting . this is one of nikon 's professional lenses , and the quality of construction is excellent . the critical mount is metal , and the entire lens is built like a tank . the lens comes with a nice squeeze-style lens cap , and a very good lens hood that can be easily reversed for storage . the reader can see that i am extremely enamored with this lens . the reason is that , notwithstanding its bulk and weight , this lens produces the best nature shots that i have ever managed to take , by far . 
camera pos 61.txt this lens is fantastic very fast .colors that will blow you away.2.8f stop can set very fast sutter speeds .i put this lens on my reble xt and i dont want to take it off . love it amazon great........ . 
camera pos 713.txt i really enjoy this small , high quality camara . i purchased a 2.0 gb memory disk so i could take advantage of the 7.1 mega pixel.and i get great pix everytime . i have lots of fun with it . since its so small , it 's easy to take everywhere with me . i also get lots of compliments on it 's " fashionable " sleek design . i highly recomend his camera . 
music pos 31.txt i was waiting for this cd for a very long time , i mean i love all greg 's album , they are intense , passionate , but amber headlights is giving me back the soul of the afghan whigs , somenthing i missed a lot for a long time . i love his voice , the way he sing , the way he loves his music . you can t explain the beauty of this cd , there are great rock-blues-love songs:the first time i heard " so thight " it makes me jump up and down my room ( i haven t done it for long time since black love " going to town " ) , then cigarettes ( what a great song , this time i only remember i was singing the chorus with " gentleman " in my hand ) , then " domani " that in italian means tomorrow , kind of greg 's jazz slow song in which his voice is so low that you can t even try to sing like that.then song after song i realized is the best cd i ever bought after so many years . if you don t know anything about afghan whigs and greg dulli then it is time to start to listen one of the best alternative artist of our time . 
dvd neg 925.txt it is not good as a mainstream movie , it does not have a good plot , some scenes are not relevant . even as a soft-porn movie , it does not do a good job . try watching " i like to play games " , its a much better soft-porn movie . 
camera pos 401.txt when i purchased this camera i was really conflicted on wheather i should get a digital still camera or a digital video camera . so when i decided still and found out the canon powershot had a video feature , i was pleased but had very low expectations . boy was i suprised ! this camera has so many fun features for both still and video pics . and the quality is awesome for both ! there is a video email option so you do n't have to guess if your videos are going to fit into an email . but if you want you can create some really good quality video with a quick adjustment . and all of it transfers easily to my computer . plus with still pics there are lots of easy features to choose from so you can quickly set up for any kind of shooting sinario . 
camera neg 763.txt i bought this camera for christmas and it is absolutely horrible ! it takes really bad quality pictures and it has a very noisy lens . it 's a great looking camera but the screen is only 2 inches which is very small . this camera is not a good buy for it 's class 
books pos 894.txt as someone who was arrested amd jailed and deported from japan due to a fear of flying phobia that the japanese government refused or could not comprehend , i find dupont 's book an important addition to helping the public understand and deal with such phobias . i still do n't like to fly , even after my 1983 accident , but dupont 's book helped me better understand my condition . a very important book . i hope it finds a japanese publisher , too 
health neg 986.txt since our bathroom cabinet is short on space , i loved the idea of this hair dryer ! unfortunately , the idea was more a fantasy than a reality . i only had this hair dryer for about a month before the cord-keeper button fell out ( spring and all ! ) and the retractible cord stopped retracting . since that was the only reason i bought this one over other models , i was sorely disappointed ! also , this dryer is so l-o-u-d that i had to wear earplugs ( no kidding ! ) while drying my hair so that i would n't damage my hearing ! hands down the worst hair dryer on the market 
dvd pos 944.txt driller killer has , without question , the best director 's commentary of any dvd i have ever seen . although driller killer is a far cry from his second film & quot ; ms . 45&quot ; it is a classic . reno ca n't seem to buy a thrill . despite the fact that he lives with two bombshells he ca n't get his painting finished to collect for the rent . his agent 's reaction to his finished painting is absolutely priceless . what 's worse is that his landlord has allowed a punk band to move in upstairs , adding insult to injury . the band , tony coca cola and the roosters , play & quot ; the grand street stomp&quot ; a guitar riff that has a great driving force . this film really documents the viallge punk circuit at the end of the 1970's . conventions are borrowed from polanski 's & quot ; repulsion&quot ; and cassaveetes ' & quot ; shadows&quot ; . the handheld mingling with the street people of the period shows how filthy nyc was at the time . lots of fun . driller killer was meant to be listened to loud 
camera pos 534.txt i 've owned the t9 now for just about 3 weeks . i purchased it after some extensive research . of course you never really know a product until you 've had it awhile . here 's my thumb nail opinion . i like : the ultra thin metal body optical image stabilizer great photo quality high iso performance large , high rez screen auto focus assist lamp works well very fast start-up fast recovery even after flash lots of built in memory , but you need to buy the 1 or 2 gig card ok slide show feature with music i do n't like : redeye does n't work that well too few manual controls needs white balance needs long shutter speed modes chews up battery time pretty fast . already ordered a second battery . no optical viewfinder ( most ultra smalls do n't ) flimsy plastic cover over the battery will be first thing to break all in all a great little camera . takes awesome , clear pics . not for the professional photographer , but that 's not why you are considering it ( i hope ) . 
health pos 133.txt 27 ounces is a nice size , the bottle is light ( can be dented ) , and water stored in it tastes very good....and that will be even more welcome in the summer when a hot plastic water bottle in the car will taste lousy ! another reviewer mentioned a squeal......that would be while twisting the cap on or off . i 've gotten used to that . wish it was just a hair thinner to fit in my toyota cupholder...that may not be an issue with toyotas that are newer than mine are ( 10 & 15years ) . in the car , on the nightstand , in the canoe or kayak.....it 's working for me 
camera neg 865.txt i bought this over the sony and i regret it . i get a tape eject error every time i try to rewind . i can only rewind at 10 second intervals before i get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . that 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . many canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . i will never buy canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem 
health pos 110.txt very handy that you can put it in your handbag wherever you go . you can use it to read those tiny words in the label when you are grocery shopping . better than magnifier glass because the width of this bookmark covers the whole line of a page 
books neg 590.txt all the reviews so far sound like personal friends of b.w. who are puffing the book . the book is simple and would require more information . so why not just go buy a book with more information . 
dvd neg 874.txt i have always had a morbid fascination with that segment of the population that believes that the bible is the only book one has to read , and that great literature consists entirely of the left behind series . i bought this movie to get a sense of this group . banal is the kindest word i can find for this tripe . third rate actors , low-rent science fiction backdrops , and completely out of touch with reality . the movie opens with the israeli agricultural " miracle . " what it does not tell the audience is that israel would be a dead state if it were not for the 20% of the israeli government 's budget funded by us taxpayers through the us government 's very unwise investment in this apartheid regime ( see jimmy carter 's new book ) and if it were not for the blatant israeli underground pipes that are literally looting the arab aquifers at long range and from way beneath the earth . israeli agriculture is not a miracle , it is a travesty- -it consumes 50% of all the water used in israel , and produces less than 5% of the gross domestic product . the movie goes downhill from there . just to place it in a proper religous movie context , if the " ten commandments " was a perfect 10 , this movie is no more than a 1 and certainly not even close to a 2 
camera pos 879.txt i love this camcorder . it is very easy to use , the piture quality is great . you can record wide screen or full screen . light weight , fits in the palm of your hand which is more stable and less shaky when taping . the controls are within easy reach while taping . it is so easy to use that both of my kids have even been using it and they are only 9 and 6. it is also a great price . ca n't wait for all our summer vacations to start taping . i bought this camcorder two weeks ago from best buy . i just wrote my review and then read the others and i had to add this in , there were comments being made that you can hear the tape while recording and then in the play back . i slightly hear the noise when i am taping , but i cannot hear it when i am playing it on my dvd player . to hear the noise while taping you have to have it right next to your ear . but not noticable on the playback on computer or through the dvd player 
camera neg 340.txt this frame is just ok you have to resize all your pictures and the quality is not good at all you are just better off paying the extra $75 and getting the phillip 
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate 
software neg 61.txt they sent me a product that was n't legit and would n't take it back . horrible service & i do n't recommend anyone buy from this particular vendor ! just a horrible waste of time & money 
books neg 822.txt this is a difficult book for beginner-level spanish language students . i kept it b / c i understand that it is one they use at the immersion course i will be taking soon in mexico . probably will not use it before that or subsequent 
health neg 918.txt i tried this deodorant for 2 weeks and it peeled of my skin . stay away 
camera pos 350.txt this uv filter does it job to protect the lens well . the build is solid ( metal construction ) . the glass is also descent quality . about the performance , it absorbs some uv light . the uv light absorbtion is hardly noticeable , probably the sky 1-a and the haze filter version will absorb more uv light than this lens which is fine for me . now , about the one problem which is the internal reflection . i 've heard many people say that it mostly happens during night or low light shooting . i found out that it is not caused directly by the low light / night situation . the internal reflection will appear when there is a strong / bright source of light in comparison to the overall exposure ( the surrounding environment ) . to put it in example ( which hopefully is easier to understand ) , when you take a picture of a lamp during nightime and the light is much brighter than the surrounding area then you will see the internal reflection . as you move the position of the light to be closer to the sides / corner of the picture ( and not in the center of the picture ) , the internal reflection reduces and finally dissapear ( if you move the light far enough from the center ) . and if the light is n't too bright / contrast compare to the surrounding environment then there will be no internal reflection . but of course most of the time , a lamp at nightime is often very bright . but the point that i 'm trying to make is that the internal reflection does n't happen all the time during low light or night time . additionally , the internal reflection is n't only happening at night . it can also happen in the afternoon if you are taking a picture of a sun for example . basically same rule as above , on how bright is the light source compared to the surrounding area , and as you move the sun from the center of the photo and near the side the internal reflection will move to the side / dissapear ( also depending the angle ) . but the best way is just to remove the filter during these situations . hope this explanation helps you to reduce the occurence of internal reflection by identifying correctly when the internal reflection will occur and then remove the filter during those situation ( which is not hard to do ) . i 'm actually not a fan of lens filter ( any filter ) as i think it will only degrade picture quality as we added another layer between the sensor and object , but i decided to use them anyway for all my lens . and i would recommend everyone to get one of this filter if you do n't have any filter for your lens yet . i use this filter on my 50mm f / 1.8d lens and on my 18-55mm lens . 
dvd pos 205.txt i 'm still waiting for poldark to make it across the pond . until then , i 'll satisfy myself with this fine work 
software neg 32.txt attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003... bad move.. . none of my access 97 programs work now.. . in fact i , i brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions.. . nope.. . the upgrade just did n't work.....had to purchase a full version to set things right.. . save your money on this product. . 
camera pos 631.txt this is my second digital camera . although it does so much more than my first , it is much easier to operate . i especially love the fact that i can video my grandson 's baseball game , and then convert individule frames to photos ( jpeg ) with great quality . i have a series of photos with him getting a hit . it looks great ! thanks for a great product . ralp 
health pos 745.txt they had one of these mirrors in a 5 star hotel that my husband and i stayed at and i fell in love with it ! i had to have one of my own and thanks to amazon i was able to find one . this is an excellent product . my husband installed it easily and i would never be without one again . one side is magnified and my eyebrows have never looked so good , lol , and eyelining is a breeze . though he would never admit it , my husband uses also ( trimming mustash , nose hairs ( eewww ) , shaving , etc. ) great product . order one . you will not be dissapointed ! 
books pos 95.txt i suppose one of the great attributes of the internet is that it allows the juxtaposition of the good , the bad and the ugly . where else could one find reviews of one of the twentieth century 's towering works that variously describe it as a recipe for a police state , an incitement to theft , or as written by someone with no understanding of philosophy ( my personal favourite - thanks adrian ! 
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american 
dvd pos 894.txt i decided to buy a couple strawberry shortcake movies when my 3 year old daughter received a bunch of strawberry shortcakes for her birthday . these are very cute movies ! they have a couple of cute songs , fun storylines and great messages . 
software pos 336.txt you learn extremely fast using rosetta stone , and you learn to think about what the word is , not it 's translation . probably the best language system available 
dvd neg 785.txt good lord , but this was awful . normally a&amp ; e makes a mean costume drama , but / benedict arnold / stank like rotting poultry . the dialogue was stilted and incredibly unrealistic , the battle scenes were rendered in clunky slo-mo to cover up the lack of extras , and the costumes appeared to have been rented from a cheap halloween shop ( with the exception of the military uniforms , especially the continentals ' , which were accurate ) . aidan quinn chewed the scenery into pulp and used & quot ; historical voice&quot ; ( the lame semi-british accent affected by actors in costume drama ) . kelsey grammer was pretty darn good as washington , but his lines were horrid , horrid stuff ripped from the pages of a grade-school history text . worst of all were the simpering john andre and peggy arnold , whose rose-garden courtship scene was laughably bad . in short , do n't even bother to rent this . it 's an hour and a half of your life that would be better spent cleaning the house or napping 
books pos 296.txt i 've just returned from a reading of this book by my philosophy professor , dr. luke barber . although he only read from a couple chapters , it was easy to figure out that this book is definitely a must have for anyone who loves life ( or would like to learn how ) . containing good , useful ( not to mention funny ) stories , you will be able to relate to the text easily and effectively ! i plan on purchasing this book and i would definitely recommend it to anyone interested ( and even those that are not ! ) 
dvd pos 822.txt " american gigolo " stars richard gere of a high priced male prostitute . he is coasting along with his rich southern cailifonia clients until one of them is murdered . when he is considered the main suspect , he goes on the run , with his only friend being the wife of a politician . at the begining he tells people that he is a moral man , for example , he dos n't service gays , more on that in a moment . it is interseting to note that gere also played in a movie about hookers a decade later in " pretty woman " and it made a star out of julia roberts . but that is where the similarities end . this is a much darker story about hypocracy . when he falls under suspicion all his clients that liked him before all distance themselves from him . in the end , he finds himself a hypocrit , because in order to get an aliby he is willing to do anything job ; gays , s and m , anything to avoid jail . the only love story here is about him and the politician 's wife ( lauren hutten ) . it is complicated by the fact that he will not let anyone in close to him , even for his own protection . for all it 's darkness there is one funny scene . richard gere is called in for a line up at the police department . he tells the other men in the line up that he got paid , and the others get angry and cause a scene , averting the attention off of gere . this is a really good movie as an examination of society 's attitude toward sex . this film was written and directed by paul schrader , if that is why it seems like a less brutal companion to " taxi driver " . richard gere is wooden , but his character is cold and icy , so that approach is right . lauren hutten is alright as the bored housewife of a powerful man ; she seems sincere in wanting to help gere . but i thought the standout performance was bill duke as the slezzy street pimp who is quiet but menacing ( as oppose to gere 's ' madam ' ) , but also provides the warning to gere at the beginning that his 15 minutes of fame are running out . and another future " pretty woman " player is present ; hector elanzo . he plays the detective on gere 's trail ; but he is slimy and rather unlikable here . well worth your time , but for adults only 
dvd neg 616.txt i can only imagine how painful it must of been to & quot ; act&quot ; in this film . after the first half hour it was like a train crash to watch . do anything you can to get out of sitting through this 
dvd neg 817.txt this was not the entire version of the hbo special . i was disappointed because some of my favorite parts were missing from this dvd . if i had known it was n't the entire show i would n't have bought it 
health neg 638.txt i have not tried the product yet as it is a stocking stuffer for my four year old . the ad displays four soaps when in fact you only receive one . i would not have purchased one bar of soap had i have known . 
books neg 420.txt this book was very boring . details in a book make it interesting but the extended details in this book made it nausiating . this book had a very interesting plot and many good ideas but the way it was writen didnt appeal to most of the students in my school that read it . a poll was taken and about 73% of the students in the school liked this book . what does that show about the book ? 
health neg 963.txt one-battery trimmers simply not strong enough , was glad to find a two-batteries version . it has a perfect design which will attract many more naive surfers like me . unfortunately it 's not good for nose hair trimming . problem is it makes electric-like unpleasant sensations when touches sensitive skin inside nose . so much that it makes you scared using it ; - ) it also does n't cut well , does n't reach inside , makes burning smell and overheated . update on 2 / 7 / 2007 : from my recent experience , the microtouch turbo is an excellent alternative which has no problems mentioned above . the only problem is its durability ( you may find yourself buying 2 per year ) but at the price below $10 this is not a real issue . good luck 
camera neg 643.txt this kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper . unfortunately , kodak does n't contain an ink cartridge for them . fine , i thought , i 'll buy a separate cartridge . guess what ? you ca n't ! kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper . why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges ? seems pretty dirty 
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily 
software pos 783.txt i 've been using this since the first beta release , and it has sped up my productivity at work by miles . the ribbon interface is more upfront with the commands most ofter used , and my old keystroke commands are still there as well . after changing my default save setting to 97-2003 i have run into no compatibility problems . as with most of the bad reviews on ms products , it seems people are quick to rush with a bad review when they are unable to find or do something as quickly as they have in the past . my advice is to spend ten minutes looking through all of the menus.. . they make sense , and once you get used to it , you 'll never want to go back to the old way again . everything is cleaner , smoother , faster , and easier to use than ever before , and i have been using office for longer than i care to admit . let go of the past people ! this is the future of business productivity 
software pos 707.txt i 've used several other protection packages over the years and am please to say that last year found trend micro . their internet protection is imho the best . easy to install , does n't eat up system resources , updates regularly , does n't conflict with other programs . currently installed on 6 systems and i have no complaints at all , only praise 
software pos 703.txt i just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . i have the book-cd version . i recommend it over just the cd , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a pdf online or print it out . here are some of the features that i thought were worth noting : * the program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . you can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * after doing one will , you can go to the file menu and save for spouse . this creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * in the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . after you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . this is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . it is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . when working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * the program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . this is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . although i wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , i decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . if all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . it would just be more expedient to have one already named . * i contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the response stated why they chose to omit that option ( " the editors choose to limit the number of fields for beneficiaries and executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy " ) and some options ( export the document and add the language or return the program ) . i was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion ( i disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple beneficiaries and executors that serve together at the same time ) , but i liked that i received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what i was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * at the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . you can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or rtf . exporting to rtf is handy if you need to change the document ( they advise against changing it ) or print it somewhere else . however , the rtf is not identical to printing directly . i noticed two differences . ( 1 ) pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . ( 2 ) the footer is always different : the directly printed copy says how many total pages , whereas the rtf one does not . if you cannot print directly to a printer , i recommend printing to a pdf to maintain the pagination and other features . if you do not have a way to create a pdf , get a free pdf writer ( search on that term ) . when you print the document to pdf , print it as prepress so you embed the fonts . 
health neg 69.txt why are you paying such good money for a no-calorie water ? ! how many calories does water have to begin with ? ! it would be interesting to see what the placebo was that they used in the double blind trial ( ? a cheeseburger ? ) . please do not buy this . fill a bottle up at home and squeeze a bit of lemon juice in if you have to... . no calories ! give the money that you would have spend to charity . the makers of this water are thieves and con artists 
health pos 751.txt tis is the best joint supplement i have found on the market . thank you amazon for carrying it 
music pos 91.txt i love these albums . get all 3 cause they are great 
software pos 764.txt i 'm very impressed with how non intrusive this software is . i used norton for approximately 5 years before i changed to bit defender . i did n't realize how bogged down my system was until i made the change . the system scan is very quick ( approx . 8-10 minutes in comparison to 20-25 minutes from norton ) . i do n't even notice when the software is updating . i 'm very pleased with the program thus far and i highly recommend it 
health neg 174.txt the seams on the pillow are sharp and uncomfortable . the extra pouches that supposedly provide additional support do n't measure up . the snaps that should hold the ends together do n't work . basically , it would be ok if it came with a soft cover 
health pos 247.txt i am very pleased with the light output . i purchased them to light the inside of my childs playhouse . they really iluminate the inside as bright as a standard light bulb . i purchased a couple of years ago an earlier type lanturn by rayovac and was really pleased with it also . 
dvd pos 330.txt ...but the movie was pretty good . i found myself highly disappointed in the book , and almost was n't able to finish it . the characters were flat , the story reading like a history lesson in religion through the ages , and not a true story , so i was n't sure what to make of the movie . i was pleasantly surprised though , to enjoy the movie immensely . it was long , but it kept the pace going throughout . the subtitling in the latin and french was a bit mundane to drudge through , but it made the movie a bit more ' believable ' than everyone speaking english when the main character is actually french . teabing was played brilliantly , and while hanks was not who i would have thought for langdon , he did a superb job in the role . if you can set your personal beliefs aside and view the movie as a piece of exceptional fiction drama and suspense , it is well worth watching . murder , mystery , suspense , action , drama.. . it 's all there in this film 
books pos 424.txt this book helps me understand . the book also helped me explain alzhiemers to families . i have recomended it to families 
camera pos 624.txt this is the perfect gift for any occasion.i bought one for my husband for his birthday and he took it to work next thing you know everyone was on here buying theirselves one.it is a very easy thing to load pics on and hook up to your tv.he sales cars and hes got his on his desk showing his family off and cars that they also have on the lot for the older people who are unable to withstand the heat so they sit right at his desk and check every car out on his digital frame.i give this frame an a++++++ 
books neg 646.txt this entire book reads like an 8th-grade research paper . from an uncountable amount of grammatical and spelling errors to numerous repeated sentences ( literally quotes retyped word for word , pages apart ) , it 's difficult not to get irritated while reading this . the information on weezer is great , but often times the author veers away from focusing on the band and gives too much information on things that even the most obsessed fan wo n't care about . unfortunately , this appears to be the only book on weezer out right now , so if you want to learn more about the band in book form this is all you 've got . i suggest just browsing around their official website , because it 's obvious that 's where the author got quite a bit of his information . do n't waste your money 
music pos 467.txt i do n't know where this guy gets off saying that the drummer , jorge rossy , and the bassist , larry grenadier , & quot ; are competent but do nothing overtly interesting&quot ; . jorge incredible groove , use of space , and musicality is as good as one could ask for , and grenadier 's huge warm tone , amazing time , and great thematic development is unparalleled by other bassists of his generation 
health pos 178.txt my husband tried this after i bought it and he loves it . it is a great remedy for a hangover or even just a bad morning . it is very hard to find in most drugstores . now i just buy it on the internet . i 've even recommended it to friends who now swear buy it 
health pos 772.txt my hair is very wavy and frizzy , i have to condition my hair every day so it does n't look dry and damaged . 2 weeks ago i got my hair cut , the stylist used a sedu straightener on me . wow ! suddenly , my hair was stick straight and super glossy ( really brought out the natural highlights ) . i bought one from him for $199 ( should have checked the internet first ) . i 've tried a cheap flat iron before ; after wrestling with it for 40 minutes and pulling the heck out of my hair , all i got was slightly " pressed " hair . the sedu iron has super smooth ionic plates , so it glides through your hair very easily , quickly and smoothly . no more pulling of my hair . i can give myself smooth , gorgeous , in about 5 minutes . another plus is that the style will stay until the next time you wash your hair ; now i only have to straighten my hair every other day . sure , sedu is on the expensive side , but this salon-quality tool is more than worth it . look good and feel good every day ! 
camera neg 529.txt this camera takes blurry pictures straight out of the box . one mistake i made was to not take my own sd card to the camera shop and look at the output . i thought the blurry image i was seeing at the camera store was because of the low resolution screen but it really is the camera . i 've missed too many pictures of my kids and am in the process of buying a new camera a short 2 months after buying this . casio support was responsive and tried to help but nothing appears to work . and point and shoot is definately not an option . i thought it would be nice to take quick pictures of the kids but none of them are worth keeping . i 've taken over 200 pictures and i will not print any of them . 
health pos 428.txt i had never used an auto cuff before , so i had my doubts , but after using this over a period of weeks it seems to be right on the money every time . i would buy it agai 
music pos 306.txt with a compelling story , great music , great lyrics , and two outstanding female leads , aida certainly delievers . right from the start with the goregous " every story is a love story " , the listener is captured by the wonderful spirit of the show . the seamless tranisition between ballads and showtunes is flawless . the three stars of the show each being something different to this recording . while adam pascal is always great , he 's the weak point on this recording . i much more prefer him in rent , and i do n't think his voice suits this show very well . sherie renee scott is teriffic as amneris , and her powerful voice fills this recording with the powerful opener and " i know the truth " . the star , however , is heather headley as aida . her tony-winning performance will be forever immortalized on this recording with big , raw , emotional , and powerful voice . she 's is perfect in every way 
health neg 284.txt i purchased the kaz ultra king size heating pad off ebay to replace another kaz heating pad that stopped working after 2-3 months . well , this is no different except i now have more expensive heating pad that is useless . just like the other reviewers , my controller suddenly started blinking red and would not allow me to press any other button to start the heat process . i plugged and unplugged the unit several times with several long time increments each time . i also tried holding down all of the hear setting buttons for several seconds , sometimes two or three at once . nothing worked . its was nice while it lasted- - heated well without getting too hot . it is just a shame that the quality could not last for more than two months . thumbs down ! do not purchase a kaz softheat heating pad if you value your money . 
music neg 574.txt my copy of " reckless nights.. . " ( and yours , too , probably ) has a sticker on front that reads : " one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century . " well , i 'm so glad that columbia cleared that up . otherwise , i 'd have had to make up my own mind , and apparently music labels do n't allow that nowadays . i hope similar stickers are included on chopin , mozart , and bach cds ( with the century adjusted on a per-composer basis ) . scott 's gimmicky fare makes for pleasant listening , but not in such a large dose- -monotony sets in after two or three titles , let alone 22. halfway through this cd , i felt as if i were listening to the drone of a defrosting icebox . for all the outrageous hyperbole thrown at scott- -no one else like him , no way to categorize his music , and so on , and so on- -the reality is that composers and arrangers like ferde grofe , duke ellington , glenn miller , alec templeton , and bill challis covered the same ground far more skillfully- -and , in most instances , earlier- -than scott . concert jazz , symphonic jazz , or whatever you wish to call it , was not the invention of any one man , and certainly not scott . check out grofe 's scores for whiteman- -in particular , his writing for woodwinds and his constant , scott-esque use of muted trumpet . listen to duke ellington 's " extended " compositions circa 1929. for that matter , listen to ellington 's 1933 " daybreak express " - -virtually the template for scott 's galloping miniatures . experience bill challis and glenn miller 's pioneering big band charts . or.. . believe as you 're told to believe , i.e. that scott , and scott alone , performed this kind of music . i mean , who needs history when we 've got hype ? it 's up to you , dear listener 
health neg 494.txt because if you do , this is the unit to do it with ! the combination of a demineraliztion cartridge that does not work and / or the silver stick has resulted in the total coating of my new macbook pro 's internal circuitry with metal deposits . no , i do not work in a metal shop . i use my computer solely in my apartment room . yes , it is from the humidifer . the dispersion pattern is heaviest around the fan intake areas . 
dvd neg 963.txt with the new year just more than six hours away , i must tell you that no matter a full moon , half moon , quarter moon , or no moon at all , please avoid the flick " darkwolf " for many moons to come . what a joke . what a silly , stupid , insult to one 's intelligence . the script could have been written by my dog stan...and even then , i give him the benefit of the doubt to come up with something much more canine . let 's put it this way . have you ever seen a film that contained people that irritated you so much , you simply did n't give a ^ &^%* if they got blown away ? i was hoping the entire cast got mulched by mr. wolf less that 30 minutes into this loser . go " darkwolf " . take a few chucks out of this cast , its director , producer , writer and editors as quickly as possible...and do n't wait until the next full moon . " darkwolf " is an insult to motion pictures . more so , it is an insult to such credible werewolf classics as " the wolf man " , " wolfen " and " the howling " , not to mention the tongue-in-cheek horror classic " an american werewolf in london " . need i say more ? " darkwolf " has no bite . it 's claws and fangs have been chiselled to oblivion . the box claims this flick to be " half man . half wolf . pure evil . " in reality it is half / whole stupid . half / whole worthless . ...and...pure ^% &* ! get my drift ? at midnight...as we turn another page and the new year unfolds...i promise you you will enjoy reruns of every episode of " mary hartman , mary hartman " , much more than " darkwolf " . i 'm off to watch yet another new year 's flick before dawn . i need to make amends to lon chaney , jr. before midnight . bottom line , it was a film you did n't really care " where " the " wolf " came from , or where the werewolf was going . pitiful...embarrassing.. . " i 've seen the bad moon rising " but this one makes me wish it would set ! 
software neg 183.txt i use pdfs a lot and i must say that quite often i turn to free pdf software to actually do the tasks that acrobat fails to do . one area i have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so i switch to the free pdf software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use . however if you are a pro pdf maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then i recommend this product hands down as the best one . i just find that it is not always the best pdf software package in the world , but a good one all the same . i would not recommend buying this one just to make standard pdf files alone . if you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right . 
dvd neg 71.txt i liked this workout the first time i bought it as her fatburning workout . the second time i bought it re-packaged i thought it was a fluke . this time i bought this since it sounded more like weight training and less like circuit training , so it must be different . nope . i have 5 kathy smith videos , all three with different titles and covers only three different contents . i feel this is highly unethical and contacted her company . one month later and i have yet to receive a response . 
books pos 283.txt i have to give philippa gregory a big thank you ! for approaching this story from a different perspective from the other boleyn girl . it delves into the lives of those in poverty without straying far from the lavish lifestyles of english royalty and wealth . again i was attached to the characters and their struggles while learning much about the time period and historical events . there were a few very alluring relationships between the narrator and the men she encounters creating a whirlwind of emotions for the reader but in the end , i was very pleased with the romantic outcome of the book . so if you are deciding whether or not you 'd like to read this after having read the other boleyn girl , i greatly encourage you to do so , you wo n't regret it 
music pos 376.txt great compilation of songs from massive attack , all of their singles plus new never release songs . the videos are great and their new single ' live with me ' is a great song ( very sad video though ) . includes new version / remix of ' i want you ' with madonna . the combo is great you can own all of the videos , is a lot of fun to see the videos from blue lines until 100th window from the 90s all the way to the new single , the changes in the way they used to make music videos . there 's even the first video with tricky ) . a must have for any massive attach fan , and if you never heard from this band , you get the best of the best with this cds / dvd . massive attack is a band that had influenced a lot of artist from bjork , tricky , madonna , morcheeba , portishead , unkle , etc. 
dvd pos 569.txt this film seems to be known worldwide as a " chick flick " , from the romantic aspects of it , to the current anniversary dvd 's pink cover . i 'm an 18 year old guy who absolutely digs this film , especially due to the holly golightly character . after viewing this film for the first time , i developed a crush on the character holly ( kind of goofy , i guess , but it 's very hard for me to dislike a character like her . ) audrey hepburn played her to perfection . the film was also brilliantly shot by franz planer and directed by blake edwards . i love the film 's dialogue as well , it has a very realistic quality , and it 's so fun to hear the characters converse with each other . " breakfast at tiffany 's " is perhaps the best " date " movie ever conceived . this film is an absolute classic that is worth subsequent viewings and it will never age . 
books pos 363.txt this book is loaded with the most recent medical findings and is organized as a referenced book , although i read it cover to cover . 
health pos 385.txt the refills were easy to order & fit my brush perfectly . it 's a lot easier ordering on line & received in home rather than trying to find the merchandise in a store 
camera pos 612.txt this is a neat idea . you do have to have close up pictures to really be able to see them in the small screen . it was very easy to load the pictures and it is very handy to have with me to show others our most recent pictures 
dvd pos 865.txt this series is exactly what the english love about mystery and crime . it 's a tad bit dull compared to what we are used to with cop shows and series like " the shield " . that being said , this series is well done and does capture you over time . rather than individual crime stories , this series contains only one crime investigation . if you like drama and cop stories , this is a good one 
camera neg 216.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp 
health pos 880.txt received the monitor quickly . it works well . the automatic feature is great . 
software pos 405.txt i do n't know what other people are complaining about . i just installed vista ultimate a few days ago and i absolutely love it . no interface lag or any other lag at all . maybe the people complaining have weak or outdated hardware . those people need to turn down their settings if their not going to keep their computers on the cutting edge or at least near it . i 'm glad microsoft is n't waiting for people to catch up and are on the cutting edge . i 'd rather be the one catching up than the other way around . i have a core 2 duo e6300 overclocked to 2.5ghz , 2 gigs of ram , a geforce 7600gt and a western digital raptor 150g hd and vista ultimate works flawlessly on my computer . it 's not the best computer but it runs flawlessly , i built it myself and all the parts cost me about $850 off the net . i play world of warcraft among some other games and i have n't seen any problems yet with any games or any of the major software i use as of yet . i 've only encountered one problem and that was with my old soundblaster live ! 5.1 sound card which has discontinued support . no big deal , it was about time to get a better one anyway . vista is awesome , i love everything about it . it 's very futuristic and it is not a simple interface makeover at all like some clueless dummies proclaim . by the way , i only paid $110 for vista ultimate upgrade off ebay , check there first if you already have an existing os and want to save some dough 
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system . 
music neg 472.txt this completely lacks the charm and subtlety of the original . overblown , overproduced mackintosh garbage . if he could have found an excuse to land a helicopter on the stage , i 'm sure he would n't have hesitated . mr. banks has been turned into a one dimensional clown and his songs have all been changed for the worst . and the omission of " sister suffragettes " smacks of pc nonsense 
health pos 202.txt these are marvelous ! ! i had gotten a different style last february for mothers , , these adventure towels are great for the dorm and college kids...i love the snap strap and the pouch . now all of my children want them , too ! ! also love the up to date colors ! 
music neg 297.txt i bought this cd because i figured it would be a fresh take on some old favoirites . well , i 'd like to say i loved it , but i didnt . this cd just comes off as flat and lifeless . where as the original songs , the kyle toucher on vocals versions , had a certain edge , the remakes make great material sound very mediocre . for those of you first discovering dr. know , l this may be the greatest cd in the world...the material is that good-but , if you really want to experience dr. know , buy their best of cd that was released on mystic records . this is the best version of dr. know . hope this helps 
dvd neg 837.txt this version , bears very little resemblance to the book with a confusing story , but at same time seems to expect that you have read the book to fill in the gaps of its story . the book was a simple good story , why did they abandon it and the characters so completely ? the sets and costumes are great , but can the makers of such a bad film be trusted to have made them authenic for the period ? i have only watched the first disc , but it be a while before i will be able to force myself to watch the others . 
health neg 479.txt i thought buying a item with a well known name as this would be great . i would have hoped the price would even out my possible satisfaction for this product . also i loved the pink . when i opened the box the plates on the flat iron were hanging off . i tried to snap them into place but they would not stay . for the amount of money i payed i expected a much better product . needless to say i returned it the next day . 
software neg 802.txt after years of using symantec norton antivirus and related internet security products , the upgrade to 2007 seemed like a no brainier . that was until the install started . if you run into error 9999 , 171 you may as well give up , it is over . following the symantec directions for resolution of the dreaded 9999 , 171 error caused the entire windows xp install to be corrupt and necessitated reinstallation . believing that a reinstall was not all bad as it would clean up several old and no longer used software pieces and provide a clean base for installing symantec i marched forward . once xp was installed and current with the patches it was time to install symantec again . no luck , i was still receiving the 9999 , 171 error . now it was time to get someone on the phone for support . this is a good trick since symantec does not readily publish a phone number for support . the number by the way is 877-832-2810. be prepared for a long wait on hold . during four support calls i experienced no less that 40 minutes on hold and the longest was over one hour . support is provided by offshore resources in india so not only are you fighting a technical problem you must also overcome the language barrier . the four separate calls to support resulted in multiple steps to clean up old installs , prep for install , reboot , reinstall , hack through the registry , and oh yah corrupt windows xp again needing a second reinstall . during the final call , the support rep finally gave up and indicated the symantec could not be installed on this windows xp machine . i have since moved on to mcafee internet security suite 2007. the install took about ten minutes and i am now up and running again . 
music neg 511.txt ac / dc is no doubt one of the best rock bands of all time , but they are not growing as musicians . sure , they can rock like they used too , but they seem to be out of ideas . the well is dry . put out a anthology already ! ! ! at least my favorite band deep purple keep coming up with good stuff , and with imagination ! the fact that purple 's music continues to fascinate as well as puzzle after all this time is evidence we are dealing with art of the highest caliber . anyway , better luck next time angus & co. stiff upper lip ~ ac / dc : 2 stars 
health neg 165.txt i 've been using this shaver for almost a year , and am disappointed with it . for years , i 've used the older style remingtons shaped like a rectangular prism . i suppose this new shape is intended to fit the hand better , but i never got used to it . i find myself supporting the shaver with my other hand because i feel like i 'll drop it otherwise . the big problem is with the screen . try very hard to avoid letting your skin come in contact with the edge of the screen . otherwise , the blades will bite you and sometimes draw blood . to clean , it is easy enough to remove the screen assembly , but getting it back on is tricky . if not very careful , it goes on unevenly and gets stuck . with practice , it usually works the first time . the funniest thing about this shaver is the plug that plugs into the wall . it looks like a cutting-edge state-of-the-art plug from the 1920s 
health pos 920.txt i was unsure if this product would be as good as the one sold at brookstone . it is great ! just as good as the ijoy sold at brookstone , but much cheaper . i love it 
dvd neg 391.txt this was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film i kept looking at my watch , the film is not a historical drama nor is it an autobiographical film about william shakespreare infact it is a romantic comedy disguised as a historical drama . my girlfriend insisted that we watch this film together but i was n't in the mood she forced me to watch this , the film was about a struggling young writer shakespeare played by joseph fiennes who falls in love with lady viola played by gwyneth paltro who also happens to inspire his famous play romeo and juliet , this film also won a couple of oscars including gwyny for best actress but i felt like the film was just not that funny because all the characters seemed to talk in an old english style thats hard to understand . overall the film was just o.k. i think that some of the sets and costumes were fantastic and judi dench was great as queen elizabeth but i never want to watch this film again , if your a shakspeare fan and like romantic comedies then you might like this film more than i did . 
camera neg 8.txt i was all set to purchase this bag but wanted to try it out first . i had great difficulty finding one locally but finally after many many phone calls i located one bag and asked the merchant to hold it till i could get there to try it out . firstly , the bag is nice but does n't hold as much as i thought . it still could have worked for my but for one thing : this bag is not designed for those with a , er.....womanly build . it was the most uncomfortable bag i have ever tried out and looked absolutely ridiculous on me . so glad i was able to take it for a test drive before purchasing online . just a word of warning to the ladies ; - 
camera neg 371.txt the camera is just plain cheap . takes nothing but fuzzy , low resolution pictures . the thing weighs a ton and even for all that the binoculars are only mediocre . a great idea , maybe someday someone will actually do it right 
health neg 869.txt these clic glasses are a great idea.. . i first saw them on csi-ny , and sought them out , but they are not made big enough.. . they worked fine as long as i was looking down , but as soon as i turned my head level , or looking up , the glasses would " pop " apart . i had purchased two pair , and returned them both 
books neg 880.txt another hyprocritical nut . these christian fundamentalists like are literally screaming jesus , while cutting your throats , not unlike the jihadi fundamentalists . the only thing is they cant do that now as they used to couple of hundred years back by enslaving and lynching blacks , killing native americans , and showing their christian love for the jews - by exterminating them . hope our future generations dont have to live in a christian saudi arabia . this is what these whackos envision 
dvd pos 29.txt i first caught the black swan several years ago on television and was immediately blown away . sure , it 's just a swashbuckler , just a pirate film - with the usual plot , the usual bits and pieces . there 's nothing outrageously distinctive about the black swan , at least at first sight . ty power stars as jamie boy , expert pirate who ends up by plot machinations in the employ of ex-pirate and now governer of jamaica , captain morgan laird cregar ) . morgan 's been given a pardon for his dastardly deeds and with his new title attempts to rid the seas of the dastardly buccaneers , sending jamie boy off to find george sanders ' captain leech . only there 's a twist in the mix - and some dastardly fop 's out to make a mockery of morgan by using leech as his private pirate to ruin the governer . to make matters worse jamie not only seemingly disappears - apparently in league with the nefarious leech , but he also kidnaps the previous governer 's daughter , played with feistyness by catherien o'hara.... . so it 's all the usual stuff - kidnapping , sword-fighting , stealing , drinking , pacts with arch enemies and stock characters throughout . but you know what - it 's not that you know what you 're getting , it 's that you get a whole lot more than you ever thought you would . sure , everything 's the same , but somehow strangely different . the story and characters are as seen before - but with the likes of sanders , power and o'hara as the love interest , and the great character actor cregar playing against type - you have life breathed into the character 's that 's so often lacking . and the original story by one rafael sabatini - who also brought us captain blood and the sea hawk - is a rip-roaring boys-own adventure . director henry king - no stranger to producing similar adventure styled flicks - cracks the picture along with some sense of urgency . it 's a spare , fluid film with a simple , but fun , narrative and visual splendour that puts other films , even those made today , out to pasture . this dvd manages to capture that splendour in abundance - the technicolor photography is gorgeously rendered herein , with all of the detailed production and costune design seen at its best . just check out the restoration comparison to see how good . in addition the disc also features a fine commentary from historian rudy behlmer . if you want a cracking piece of entertainment that puts shame to modern counterparts of the genre , look no further 
health neg 897.txt i bought this based on patricia 's review and loved it for the first month , then noticed it making a strange sqeaking noise . upon closer inspection i noticed multiple welds breaking ( i 'm 185 lbs ) . now i 'm not so happy with it , no warrenty , amazon wo n't take it back . good thing i have a friend with a wire welder who can fix it for me 
dvd pos 551.txt one of the best new sitcoms in recent years.. . up until i got the dvd i had no idea bob saget was the narrator.. . neil patrick harris is very funny as barney ( who names thier kid that these days ? ) and basically makes the show what it is...... . legendary ! 
dvd neg 543.txt mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing it sucks 
music pos 309.txt rock n ' roll history has many example of band / artists unlucky , that did n't get the recognition they deserve . here 's one . what is big star about ? a rock n ' roll , slightly psychodelic , most influenced by beatles and the byrds . the first record ( #1 record - 1972 ) is the battle of two frontman putting one classic pop-rock tune after another . chilton gets the most rock stuff , chris the ballads , and also a contribution from hummel , the hippy " india song " . best moments : in the streets , thirteen , india song , when my baby 's beside me , my life is right . the second album - radio city - 1973. chris left the band , claiming that chilton was getting too much control of everything . for this record , hummel contributes more , the band goes torward some stuff slightly different , like the soul intended o my soul ( maybe a reflection of the record label atmosphere . chilton here also takes full control of the musical direction , the albm sounds not better or worse , but less laboured , sounding in some tracks , more like a rehearsal , with a great garage feeling . stevens goes great on drums , specally on back of a car . best tracks : way out west , life is white ( although the harmonica annoys me a little ) , mod lang ( very bowie mood ) , back of a car , september gurls . at a glance , big star reminds me backing home from school , playing my guitar , calling my girlfriend on the phone and waiting for the weekend to go to the beach . a feeling of youthness that does n't come back , just like those special moments in a band 's career that later , they ca n't catch anymore , no matter how hard they try . for big star , no differ , they would never do anything like these two records . and sadly after bell 's death , chances are zero to none . why did n't they succeeded . well , ego stuff , lack of stax knowledge to deal with rock n ' roll bands , and the dicotomy that was ruling the rock n ' roll scene at the time : hard rock versus progressive rock . and what about big star ? neither hard rock , nor progressive . but , despite all that rubish , big star is pure rock n'roll , guitar band , 70 's style , recognizable in many current bands recording all over the world . big star is eternal . 
music neg 923.txt i cant understand how anyone can give this album more than one star . luckily i got this cd for free when they were handing them out to everyone who came to their shows on their 2005 tour . i love classic journey , but this band has gone downhill faster than i ever thought possible . most of the songs are terrible-boring music and even worse lyrics . ' arrival ' was pretty mediocre , but this is about 5 steps down from there . granted , steve augeri does complete justice to the old songs in concert and really sounds great , but he obviously has nothing to offer in the way of songwriting . the only way this band will ever create quality new music is if perry were to stop sitting around at home and come back to the band . otherwise , the band should seriously consider not making any more new music and just go on tour every couple of years 
camera pos 653.txt i bought this camera to replace my 35 almost a couple years back . i am an avid nature photographer so most of my work is taken in the outdoors . after hundreds of pictures and all kinds of weather here 's the lowdown.. . pros ... picture quality is amazing even after zooming the full 10x ( i never go into digital zoom because of low quality of pictures , although this camera is n't too bad after complete full optical and digital zoom ) . prints that i 've made up to 16x20 " ( have n't gone larger , but i know i can ) are extremely impressive and are as crisp as viewing a 4x6. it is easy to use and the functions are easy to get to with the use of the joystick . the stabilization at full 10x zoom is incredible also . it appears really shaky through the window , but pictures continue to turn out crisp . close-ups are clear and reveal amazingly clear details . the movie feature works better indoors than the regular camera portion ( read cons ) . cons ... indoor shooting is limited because the flash is n't strong enough . when at a school chorus concert , the pictures turned out fuzzy and unclear . award ceremonies , the pictures turned out once again unusable in my standards . the zoom is fixed when using the movie feature so you need to have the zoom set before beginning a movie . this camera seems to eat batteries , especially in the winter months . i am always on the go , and when i go to pull out the camera i find the camera lens cover has fallen off yet again . it comes off way to easily causing smudges and smears on the lens so i must always have lens cleaner wipes on me . the viewing window cover has also come off and is lost in the woods somewhere , but that also is minor . most of the cons really are all minor things that do n't interfere with the amazing quality of the pictures as long as you are properly prepared for those minor issues . i tried to be as precise about this camera as possible . all in all , i would highly recommend this camera to the avid photographer . if you plan on using a camera on mostly indoor activities , just keep in mind for the flash to work good , keep your subjects close . it 's been bumped , jostled , and droped a couple of times and the camera still works like a gem 
books neg 661.txt i found two paperbacks at work , which were both thriller series , both written by women , both having two word titles with the first word being " blind . " one of the two i found exciting and satisfying , and eagerly read it . that was not this book . at first , i thought it was just me . unlike others , i found it easy to get into the book . but i found it too new age for me . between eve talking to her dead daughter to the creepy aldo to jane 's connection with the murdered cira , i decided i did n't need to read the whole novel and checked to make sure jane and trevor survived . maybe this was n't iris johansen 's best book . but i 'm not going to be trying any of her others , based on this one 
camera pos 433.txt the philips 8-inch digital picture frame is an excellent , high-quality device . very easy to get it going - the included cable and computer software make it simple to select digital pictures already stored on your computer and copy them onto the device . no need to mess around with memory cards - although the device accepts those as well if that works best for you . everyone who has seen ours loves it . it looks great and the picture quality and size are excellent 
dvd neg 175.txt this movie is typical hollywood anti-war , anti-military , anti-american trash . the " show biz " liberals , aided and abetted by their ideological cousins , the left-wing tv news moguls , have always sought to portray american soldiers in viet nam as baby-killing , drug-crazed monsters . this movie is typical of that ilk . if you want a more balanced view of the men who fought in that terrible war , buy the dvd of " we were soldiers . " - -a much better , and far more honest , film 
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " . 
books pos 438.txt i read this book 2 years ago , and still consider it one of the most compelling and important books i have ever read . besides being completely absorbed by this man 's life and experiences , i learned so much valuable information about cambodia from it that i wish it was required reading for anyone traveling there . blended seamlessly with the narrative you will learn of the history and culture of the cambodians , the groundwork for the rise of the khmer rouge , the horrors and fallacies of life under a communist regime , and the story of pol pot . i also gained an insight into buddhist thought and daily life in cambodia , all of which prepared me well for my trip there . haing ngor 's life story also helped me understand the damaging psychological consequences endured by the victims of this holocaust , and of the difficulties cambodians have had in trying to adjust to life in america . there are a lot of lessons to be learned from this book , and many which can give us a better ability to analyze current international events . if you read no other book about cambodia , read this one 
health neg 252.txt i was just given this set - new - and was impressed by the reviews . i 'm not sure if it 's just my hair , but these do little more than a roller hair brush and dryer . i figured i needed to work out the kinks and give it another try . again same look and that 's all the curl i have after 20 minutes . concept is good - just does n't work on my fine , full head of hair . if you want curl stick to the hot rollers . 
camera neg 264.txt so i saw that this product got 5 stars , so i ordered it......when i got it , its like " um.. . is that it ? ? ? " it 's really cute , and really well made , but it has no where to hold my usb cord or memory cards.. . also , there is no hp embroidered in the front like the picture has it , also , the strap that i got is really cracked and does not look good at all.. . other than that , it 's cute , but not the best out there . 
books neg 205.txt if you are looking for a " feel good " book about baby boomer retirement , this book may have some value for you . but if you are looking for specific in-depth how-to , this book is n't the answer . each segment-work , dreams , travel-is short and does n't address many relevant issues . for example , regarding the work chapter , the author postulates that there will be a work shortage and companies will hire baby boomers to fill the gap . well , that is speculative with globalism . those jobs may be outsourced . most are low paying . many of my highly qualified friends are unable to find jobs despite retraining . yes , there may be wal-mart jobs but is this your retirement dream ? the work chapter sounds a lot like most " do what you love " books . but doing what you love is often best as a hobby not to furnish needed income . these and other issues facing boomers who want meaningful work into their 70s are not addressed . i could pick apart other chapters in the same manner 
software pos 167.txt this is a good software for casual use ( hiking , biking , geocaching ) , but not without issues . on the positive side , it definitely beats all non-digital ( scanned usgs maps ) alternatives . the level of details is good enough ( how many of us need to know topography down to 5 feet ? ) . the fact that maps are digitally generated ( with vectors i believe ) makes all the labels clear at any scale . it has two advantages over its main " digital " competitor , ng topo . first , all of the us is on one dvd for the price of separate state / region cds from ng . and second , it is available . i could not even find ng 's northeast edition anywhere on the web ! one might think nh and me are some obscure corners of the globe and not big tourist destinations . now the few negatives . the exchange feature with gps is flaky . sometimes it takes several tries of unplugging and replugging the cable and restarting the program before it recognizes my garmin . part of it could be that low and mid range gps still have serial connection and are not truly plug-and-play even with com-to-usb adapter ( beats me why garmin ca n't make all their gps with usb in this day and age ) . in any case , regardless of whose fault it is , it is annoying at times not to be able to connect the two smoothly . the second problem i noticed was with the 3-d window . it clearly consumes a lot of memory and crashes my laptop if i do a lot of rapid rescaling . i ended up just closing that window , since it is pretty much for " coolness " and does not add any real topographical value . finally , i had a problem with delorme 's service . i purchased it from amazon with a rebate offer . however , a month after submitting the necessary info i received a card from delorme stating that the bar code i sent was not a upc code . the box only had one bar code on it so i am not sure how i could have made a mistake . they requested that i send a correct one , but with the code cut out and gone , how do they expect me to come up with one ? ! i feel a little bit like that was a cheap way out of paying the rebate but $20 is not worth the time arguing with them over it . i would be interested to hear if anyone else experienced the same problem . 
health neg 979.txt i know that this product works for some , but for me it did not . that is why i decided to return it . wahl makes great products , but this product was not for me . my skin was too sensitive and the machine irritated it . 
books pos 702.txt abby cooper has become my favorite amateur pi . the premise of this series , a young woman private detective who has strong psychic abilities which she uses to solve cases , is original and fun to read . abby is a psychic , but she also has the same trials and tribulations of a normal young woman , money , sibling and romance issues . in this latest book , abby , her sister cat , and abby 's handyman dave , buy and plan to renovate a house , only the house turns out to be haunted ! poor dave , abbey 's partner and handyman , is attacked by his own chainsaw as he begins the renovation ! determined to find out what 's going on , abby begins investigating the history of the home and discovers a missing treasure with ties to wwii nazi germany . in order to solve the mystery , abby depends on her spirit guides to help her on the case . there is danger for abby and her friends from an unknown stalker and the romance between abby and dutch becomes more intense as they each must sacrifice some of their independence to become a real couple . ms. laurie has a great series going here , and i look forward to reading more abby mysteries . 
software pos 985.txt i started off using turbotax this year , but returned it to the store to use taxcut instead . i purchased this version because it was a bargain , and it 's easy enough to do state taxes by hand ( or for free on the state website for those states that have that option ) . i did have some difficulty with the update process , which was frustrating at first . however , i found taxcut 's website to be helpful on this point , and i determined that my firewall was the problem . i was able to update the product once i followed their instructions . one key difference between turbotax and taxcut was that taxcut is not integrated with as many companies . whereas i could automatically download my w-2 and most of my 1099 forms into turbotax , they needed to be manually entered with taxcut . this was n't a huge issue , but one difference people might want to know . i completed and e-filed multiple federal returns , which worked great , and the e-file charge was reasonable ( $15.95 ) . however , i do n't suggest having the e-file charge taken out of your refund . apparently , there 's an extra charge ( i think $25 ) for this service . it 's more efficient and less expensive to just pay the fee with a credit card . now to the software itself . i found it easy to navigate and enter information . i was a bit disappointed in the deduction section . many of the fields were too short for me to enter complete names and addresses of charities , which i found frustrating . however , the calculations were accurate . i checked taxcut 's calculations regarding amt , and they were excellent ( turbotax 's calculations were wrong ) . in the second return i completed , the taxpayer was eligible for eic , and taxcut accurately identified this and did the proper calculations here as well . overall , i was very satisfied with the product , and will use it again next year . i will make suggestions to taxcut , and hope they will improve their support for automatic download of forms and longer fields for charitable deductions . however , even without these changes , the product is an exceptional value 
music pos 420.txt coltranes recordings with his classic quartet of ' 61-5 varied between very good and stunning . coltrane fans may want to get the impulse ! box set instead though ( which includes this cd and the other works of the quartet 
camera neg 351.txt we have had this camera for about a year . we wanted an inexpensive camera but buying this was a big mistake . the picture quality is terrible and now it is not even working . we have a canon powershot a60 as well and have been very happy with the performance . i would not recommend this polaroid camera to anyone 
camera neg 887.txt it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue . 
software neg 594.txt no support . you have to pay $9.95 to send an email support question . still cannot print annotations in pdf files that you create . there is a workaround . nuance should change their name to nuisance . i hope that someone comes up with an alternative 
software neg 75.txt loaded it on my laptop . it says that a compatible device was not found . went to website , downloaded patch . it said i had the latest patch already . everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $20 off . it still is more than $50 and if version 6 does n't work , why would i throw more money at the problem ? i could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone . i took it back to best buy . they said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . i went next door to staples and they said if i bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if i bought it back within 14 days . so , i found a new source for software . pros : it did not crash my laptop it did not cause the modem to dial international calls cons : does n't work no tech support does n't work no tech suppor 
dvd pos 770.txt ray sawyer ( rick cramer ) , agnes bruckner ( eden ) , laura ramsey ( rachel ) , jonathan jackson ( eric ) , and d.j. cotrana ( sean ) star in this scary and bloody slasher movie . eric and eden are going through any typical teen romance ; going steady one minute , broken up the next . eden works at a local truck stop as a waitress . one evening , ray pulls into the truck stop to get some food . known as the local nut case , ray has few friends and owns a filling station on the edge of town . later that same evening , ray comes upon eric and eden on a lonely bridge . swerving to miss eric 's jeep , ray instead crashes into an on-coming car . the impact of the crash sends the car slamming through the guardrail of the bridge . the car is now teetering precariously on the side of the bridge . ray jumps from his truck and goes to the aid of the woman inside the car . after pulling her to safety , ray goes back inside to retrieve a suitcase that the woman told him about . however , both ray and the car tumble over the side of the bridge and into the water below . to make matters worse , the suitcase is full of poisonous snakes , who immediately begin striking at ray . all that can be heard are ray 's screams as the car sinks . ray 's body is pulled from the water and taken to the local morgue . but it does n't remain there for long . it seems that the woman in the car was a voodoo priestess , and the snakes were used to " cleanse " people by drawing the evil out of them . now , the evil venom is flowing through ray . now begins a bloodbath of carnage as ray , possessed by the power of the evil venom flowing through him , begins to stalk unsuspecting victims . one by one , he exacts his revenge on eden 's friends until only eden remains . who will win this final showdown ; ray or eden ? i 've always been a big fan of slasher-type films , and characters like freddy from the " nightmare on elm street " series , as well as jason from " friday the 13th " . ray sawyer fits the mold of the typical slasher perfectly . the motives are the same ; kill as many teenagers as possible , and ray succeeds in this very well . i thought the story involving voodoo was well-conceived . the special effects were good , too . i recommend this movie to horror and slasher fans . although the movie is short ( only about 80 minutes ) , there 's lots of slashing in a short amount of time . if you enjoy a good slasher flick , then do n't miss " venom " . 
health pos 996.txt after brushing with the hydrabrush , my teeth feel as clean as when i 've been to the dental hygenist . this is a great product . i am so glad that replacement brushes are available at amazon 
software pos 722.txt i use this with a macbook laptop with 2gb ram without any performance issues . it is a great product for when you have outgrown imovie but do n't need the full feature set of final cut . i use it for both perosnal and work video production . no problems connecting and moving video of a panasonic pv-gs500 video camera via firewire . there is a learning curve but the basics are pretty easy to master . 
books pos 559.txt as other reviewers have stated , ludlum passed away at the time of the publication of this novel . unfortunately , we may never know what other voice has been mingled with ludlum 's to complete this tale . honestly speaking , i believe this to be the case because the story is actually better than i have come to expect from ludlum . no disrespect intended , but i feel this work is actually above his standard . there is certainly a few moments of unbelievable plotting and characterization , but who cares when the ride is such a rip . at first you think you 're reading a typical espionage thriller and eventually come to realize it 's more than that , much more . for new world order conspiracy fans you 're in for a treat . ludlum et al 's take on an old plot is so fresh and intrigueing you are left speechless . i 'll just say this , if you have ever wondered if the nazi 's survived wwii you will really wonder after reading the sigma protocol . god help us if there 's any truth to this plot 
books neg 982.txt for all of you looking for that favorite book " the silly book " , join my club ( not literally ) . the book that has the ode to boodleheimer was written by stoo hample not babette cole . i have been searching for this book for years . good luck everyone , and let me know if you find an extra copy for sale 
books pos 41.txt arrived on time and in terrific shape ! thanks 
camera pos 208.txt holds all my lenses , camera body , remote , card reader , etc.. . with room to spare . compares to bags costing 3 times more . 
camera pos 410.txt in short , i love it . the xh a1 is a professional looking camera and has all the features you need . it is a bit complex for those who are not true prosumers or pros , and the manual is not consumer oriented . the picture qualitity is , so far , the best i 've seen in non-pro cameras . the 3 ccds at 1 / 3 inch each are truely spectacular . the 2 external xlr connections are the reason i looked at this camera . if you want to mic someone via wireless or wired lav mic , this is the camer to do that . just make sure you read over the xlr connection settings in the manual a few times and change the buttons ( unfortunately located in 4 different locations on the camera ) to the right settings . a set of good headphones is a must-have when not using the wonderful built-in mic . by the way , this built-in mic eliminated one of the situations where i always needed a mic , a close up interview situation- -the built-in is very sensitive and accurate for this type of thing . the downside to this camera is really only that it does not contain an hdmi adapter . sadly canon did not provide one ; instead they opted for a custom ( hdmi-looking ) adpater that if you loose the cable you ca n't run down to fry 's or radio shack to get another one . : ( the other thing is that it is 1440x1080 instead of 1920x1080. their new canon hv20 ( a 1ccd camera due in april 2007 ) is 1920x1080 resolution- -just seems odd to me . but then i 'm the guy that will get a 10 megapixel camera simply because its better resolution . : ) the bottom line , do n't get the sony fx7 , get this one . the sony seems and is easier to use , but it does n't have an external xlr jack , it uses 1 / 4 inch ccds , and in a side-by-side test does n't offer as good performance in low light situations as this one . the camera is a bit complicated , but if you 're willing to learn , it is a wonderful tool . if you need true point and shoot , i 'd wait and get the canon hv20 
dvd pos 240.txt the freshman is a very funny movie . the central joke is that marlon brando plays a godfather type figure in lower manhattan who for obvious reasons looks exactly like the titular character brando so famously portrayed . matthew broderick is the freshman , an innocent nyu film student , who through some comedic misadventures gets involved with brando and his " family " . the funniest scenes involve a komodo dragon loose in a new jersey shopping mall though the whole film is a delightful comedy . the movie has no real violence and though there are a few mild " bad " words the movie is fairly appropriate for viewing by older kids and families . 
software pos 937.txt i tried an inexpensive program first and found it just did n't work . this program has been fantastic ! 
books neg 325.txt robert allen 's previous book , multiple streams of income , is excellent and i ca n't say enough good things about it . this one was a major disappointment in comparison . he talks about the same rehashed internet marketing strategies that everyone else does . creating email lists , newsletters , blah , blah , blah.. . the most disappointing thing about robert allen - - and i lost so much respect for him over this - - is that he demonstrates how to get a bunch of people to order his product within minutes of putting out an email blast . what 's stupid about the whole thing , and demonstrates that he 's a snakeoil salesman scam artist , is that what he 's selling by email is a course on how to make money on the internet...so how do you make money on the internet ? according to robert allen , by selling courses showing people how to make money on the internet is the only way to make money on the internet . that 's a scam ! how does he sleep at night ? do n't buy this book . it 's a waste of money 
health neg 505.txt i bought this shaver about one year ago . for years i was using braun shavers and was happy with them but decided to try competition . in spite of few people on internet who mentioned short lifespan i gave panasonic a try . shaving is fine , it runs quiet and you get 5-7 shaves with one charge . after about one year it started making strange noise and you get only 3-4 shaves with one recharge . month later slowly went dead . exactly as some other people wrote on bulletin boards , what make me to believe to those people writing reviews . you would expect more shave for $100. today i went to buy braun shaver . 
dvd pos 705.txt the real life base ( dr. li ching-yun , 1677-1933 ) adds to the wonder and mystery . many movies usually pale compared to the book ; however this movie fits all the criteria of a great classic . such as excellent film footage for the time , even though some scenes are missing . when i look at the shangri-la setting some times my mind wanders and i wonder if this was the idea behind the valley in the book " atlas shrugged " by ayn rand ? i doubt that they could have picked any better actors for the parts . these actors fit the time and surroundings and were actually believable in the characters they played . a later remake of this movie was o.k. but just did not have the presence of these actors . now the dvd features : digitally remastered audio & anamorphic video production notes restoration before and after comparison three deleted scenes photo documentary with narration by historian kendall miller many more by the way i personally enjoy watching and re-watching this movie . 
dvd neg 888.txt ehhhhh. what is this ? this is one very stupid movie . how do i get a refund 
health pos 128.txt this is a great barber-style setup.. . it comes with a lot of guides and has a little case . they even give you a garbage bag . good dea 
health pos 307.txt i never thought the world would get here . i am actually spending time to type up a review , online , for shaving lotion . well , here you go : for every man out there who is interested and who has ever used an electric shaver , if you have n't tried the norelco cool skin electric shaver with this lotion , you have to . whoever has sensitive skin , you need to switch to this , because it does a great job . that 's all i have to say and i wo n't waste anymore time 
dvd pos 687.txt i really loved this dvd . there is some information for everybody , beginners as well as advanced . there is also a nice presence from paul himself who does not hestitate to retrace the painful and private premices of this album . i was not necessarily a huge fan of his music and knew absolutely nothing of his personnal life and of his method in composing . this dvd , without being too personnal , made me discover the craftmanship of the composer and the depth of the man . i also enjoyed the discovery of the south-african music , their traditions and influence as described by some of the musician of that country . the many footages of the countryside were a pleasure , which worked perfectly with " graceland " songs . the anecdotes are meaningful , witty , funny , deep , depending on the situation . none of them self-indulgent or egotistical . this dvd is a truly great journey with one of the most influential folk composer's . i would rank this dvd up there with " the clash , west way to the world " and " u2 , the making of the joshua tree " . 
dvd pos 707.txt you might think from the title and the commercials this movie is about a super sexy porn star slut...but it 's actually the opposite . i really liked how the movie was done to portray the struggles some girls really have to go through in their carrers and mixed it with the toughness of high school . this is definately a movie i would reccomend to people over like 16 but only if you want to watch a funny movie about the discovering and strength of two people...this movie is the real thing , i enjoyed it and i think many other people could too 
books neg 666.txt this book expounds endlessly on how best to limit the impact of people on the backcountry in the very best traditions of the sierra club . it 's more of a philosophy book than a & quot ; how to&quot ; book . if anyone wants to learn how to backpack and / or camp , he would be better advised to buy the several books by karen berger and chris townsend , in particular the backpackers handbook 
software pos 903.txt maybe it 's because i was upgrading from an older version - - 2002 - - but i found the new features to be very good . for example.. . the junk mail feature works better than any other i have used . it was catching junk from the very beginning , and has missed very few things . i have only had one thing put in the junk folder that was not junk email . also the security features are far superior to the 2002 version . and the calendar is more flexible and easier to use . installation was seemless . i think it might be a little overpriced , but considering how long i will keep it , it 's not too bad 
books pos 125.txt my boyfriend bought from the earth to the moon , and since he is an astrophysics student i expected that he would have enjoyed finding about people 's conceptions about going to the moon at that early time . he however summed up the book by saying that it contained a lot of basic things did n't make much sense . well , from a layman 's perspective i found from the earth to the moon engaging . it goes into the technical aspects of going to the moon and involves a reasonable amount of logic , physics and astronomy . even from my scientifically deprived perspective , a lot of things in the book did n't make much sense , such as the actual method of getting to the moon , but this does n't really take away from the book - it adds greatly to its appeal . the book contained some bizarre bits of humour and its whimsical nature never bordered into the ridiculous . i was kept wondering how much of this was actually going to work , and what these poor souls were going to come up with next . compared to twenty thousand leagues under the sea and even journey to the centre of the earth however , from the earth to the moon is noticeably less imaginative . verne uses everyday objects and ideas to make his ideas a reality , and much unlike his other works , does n't stray far from the earthly . some people may feel cheated by the predictable conclusion , but all in all from the earth to the moon is a good read . if you drop at the sight of f ( x ) = y , then this book is not for you because it involves some logical thinking , centripetal forces and the like which may be hard to assimilate . if you really know your physics theory then you may not appreciate the book either because of the theoretical meanderings that may have limited basis today . if you , like me are somewhere in the middle of these two extremes then from the earth to the moon is definitely worth your time . 
dvd neg 575.txt i 'm a huge don cheadle fan , but this film is unworthy of him . [people] who claim that it 's a story about racism either do n't understand the film or do n't understand racism . basically , here 's the plot : the character played by mekhi pfeiffer is an unwitting accomplice in a botched armed robbery that leaves three people dying on the floor of a grocery store . rather than summon help for the others , all pfeiffer can think to do is help himself to the money in the cash register . he is caught , and in the ensuing trial the prosecutor calls him an animal because of his depraved indifference to human life . that is supposed to be the psychological turning point in the film , because pfeiffer 's family insists on proving that he 's no animal and can take his punishment - - in this case , death - - with his head held high . yeah , right . guess what ? he is an animal , and if the story had involved all-black or all-white characters , racism would n't be an issue . a more compelling question : if pfeiffer 's family was so concerned with his " dignity , " why did n't they teach him moral values in the first place 
music neg 230.txt i was ( and still am ) a huge fan of " mr. show " . it was the only reason i kept my hbo subscription . it 's hard for me to believe that the same talent that created " mr. show " produced this weak offering . might be the least funny comedy cd i 've ever heard . virtually all the material in the album has been done before , and much better , by other comedians . most of the bits just lay there and die . mr. cross seems to realize this and tries to make up for it by saying f*ck a lot . sorry , it just does n't work . do n't waste you money on this one . get the " mr. show " dvds instead and forget this ever existed . 
books neg 853.txt unfortunately , this book is the sign of what passes for humour these days . even though it may have been remotely funny ( sometimes the author comes close to being bearable ) , the book never actually tries to be . humour is supposed to be smart . however , this book gives us the worst case of dumb 
music neg 931.txt this is a cd of the history of the band . interesting but was not a music cd . was not worth the price 
camera pos 685.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you 
software pos 151.txt this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program 
camera neg 826.txt this is a poor excuse for a lens coming from canon . can only be used at a certain zoom or you will get a circular ring around the photo . please do not waste your money like i did 
dvd pos 964.txt let me start by saying that i love this movie and love fulci.this was the first fulci flick i seen and when i first watched it i thought it was a little overrated , it was only after i watched the majority of his other movies that i really learned to appreciate it . ( let me explain . ) this was the one of his movies that failed to shock me.when i watched the regurgitation of giblets scene from ' city ' i was shocked.when i watched the nipple scene in ' ripper ' i was shocked.watching this again i realize its probably the best done of all his movies but definetely not his goriest and the story isnt really the greatest ( im sorry ) .the only reason i write this review is probably because the poor reviews of the two other two movies ive mentioned , which honestly i enjoyed more.zombie is a great movie but nowhere near his best or goriest . ( isnt that why we watch fulci flicks ? 
software neg 635.txt this program is terrible to deal with . i run a small business and bought quickbooks simple start . once loaded and you go to use the program there is a pop up requiring you have an administrator . when loading the software it does not tell you to select or bypass the administrator requirement . you only learn this when you first go to use the program . the url they give on the pop up for troubleshooting does not address this issue , either . you are just locked out of the program . now it gets fun . so , you have to speak to them for help . but this is where it gets to be no laughing matter . to get help you have to email them to ask for help . they then call you back at their convenience . if you are busy working when they call back you have to start all over . i have yet to be able to use this product since i bought it 3 weeks ago because they will not call back when it is convenient for me the customer and will not let me call in at my covenience . even worse , since they have bought out all their competitors quickbooks customer support no longer is available after regular hours when a small business owner has the time to handle such operations issues . i ca n't return this product for a refund because i have loaded it . my first clue to how not user friendly this product is should have been the title : simple start 
health pos 815.txt i wanted a cordless shaver because at my age ( 49 ) i need my glasses on to see the hairs i 'm shaving , and that does n't work well in the shower ! this braun is a good buy , easy to use , and works well if you follow the directions and shave slowly . it 's not as close or smooth as a blade and shaving gel , but it 's quicker and less mess , so i think it 's a good trade-off . 
health pos 894.txt i purchase two of the eva-dry edv-500 renewable dehumidifer and hang them inside the closet where i store my photo gears . although in california is not so humid but little moisture do add up . this dehumidifer is so easy to use - - unwrap it then hang it there . i check them once per several day . when the silica gel change from blue to pick , i just recharge it by plug it into the electric outlet overnight , then next morning , wow , a renewed dehumidifer is ready to use again . the changing of color is very obviously . i strongly recommend this item 
health neg 113.txt the slippers look nice and smell great . they were difficult for me to get on my feet . the lining was too restrictive . once they were on , they were very awkward and uncomfortable to take any steps . it 's unlikely that i will ever use them on my feet . i will only use the inserts for aromatherapy 
dvd pos 628.txt the essence of painter francis bacon is not a personal life lived on the sordid side but how he was forced to take in life . seen through his central nervous system and eyes , we experience his world of fragments , like collage pieces of existence . the only place he could make those fragments whole was in a painting . otherwise , he was wholly inable to put a fully realized human being , himself , together . tellingly , one of his best friends comments that he has done a superb one-on-one job with his lover george in his paintings of george . however , he has been unable to do that in his actual life lived with george ! that sums up bacon , his art and his life , in a nutshell . bacon is not a person you will like but you will understand him and how the fragments of his existence made for great art . yet he is also the most alone person imaginable , something no amount of lovers and sordid excess could allay . one of the very best films about an artist ever made . you do n't need to see the actual finished paintings since it is the fragments he used to build his paintings in his head that matter here . if you want to see his paintings , you should be able to find page after page of them online in about a minute , or less , using any visual search engine 
health neg 617.txt this is a very cheap memory foam it reminds me of foam rubber.i have sleep on it for 3 nights and will be removing it for the fourth night . do your home work before you buy this product 
books pos 731.txt i really enjoy all of mary engelbreit 's books and my little girls do , too . we like to look at them over and over again . this book is full of ideas from recipes , to summer crafts , to gardening , and to sewing so that you can make your home an interesting place to visit 
dvd neg 196.txt me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more " progressive " than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting 
books neg 323.txt this book was so badly written that i just could n't help writing my first review on amazon . i never bothered writting reviews . while i fully respect the authors ' decision in providing the book online under the creative commons license , and while i do not doubt the sincerity of their intentions , the book is a total f*ck up . and f*ck up is an understatement . the book : 1 ) is unorganized : - i felt i was being bombarded by information from all directions . one moment i was getting ready to test a simple " hello world " module , and the other i 'm suddenly faced with a some strange esoteric block diagram showing " how function calls and function pointers are used in a module to add new functionality to a running kernel . " with strange function names that were not mentioned and do not get mentioned for the rest of the chapter . how the hell did i get here ? it just pisses you off and breaks your thought process and leaves you clueless and frustrated . 2 ) is upside-down: - i read chapter 3 ( char drivers ) and i compare it to real device drivers and some things just do n't match . the book seems very theoretical because the " real " device drivers call some other functions that are not mentioned at all . after digging in the kernel source files and googling the internet i realize that in the " real world " there is a whole driver-model and generic objects and what not . reading the source code documentation and some online material i actually understand how the " real " drivers work . i still do n't understand the stuff in the book . i start wondering whether there is any mention of the driver-model and i find it in chapter 14 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the driver model seems , in my opinion , the first step to understanding how " real " drivers work and i find it after 14 chapters of utter nonsensce ! ! not only that , the authors decide that " many driver authors can ignore the device model entirely " and " the complexity of the device model makes it hard to understand by starting with a high-level view " ... surpisingly it was easier to understand from online sources and the source code documentation than trying to read chapter 2 in the book ! 3 ) is sadistic: - one thing i really hated was the carrot-and-stick approach the authors chose . first they give you a small tiny taste of a topic which finally seems relevant and just when you feel you 're about to reach somewhere , they do a complete u-turn and throw all kinds of irrelevant off-the-topic rubish that leaves you sorry you were so shamefull as to expect any better . you end up confused , annoyed , and duped . like in chapter 2 when they presented the code for the " hello world " module . ok fine . seems easy enough . you naturally assume that this is an invitation to write the same code yourself . haha wroong ! the book suddenly does a " make hello.c " without showing you the content of the makefile . it leaves you out to dry with your uncompilable - " hello.c " and goes on describing in detail seemingly random stuff . you are left wondering whether the makefile must have been something too obvious to bother noting down and you start wondering whether to try to create a simple makefile or continue reading the chapter " as-is " . i chose the former . hahaha wroong agaaiin ! i ended up compiling my whole kernel source tree because of something they decide to mention only 7 sections later . ( at least they mentioned it ? ! ) in summary. . i 'd suggest you buy the book. . and ( as " . / documentation / managementstyle " for another book says ) : " not read it . burn it , it 's a great symbolic gesture " . i do n't think anyone could have done a better job at making a worse technical book . if you come across any online material that " recommends " this book , *quickly* discard that material too .. without thinking . this is a -5 stars book . it has affected me personally 
music pos 760.txt bought this cd for my daughter , a new bill withers fan and she loved the whole collection ! it 's a great compilation of classic bill withers music 
health pos 733.txt these are hands down , the most awesome pillows , we have ever owned . they were originally suggested by a chiropractor at $60 per pillow , however at the time , a " water bed pillow " for $60 just sounded silly . what brought me back around to these pillows , was the year-long search that my wife and i had been on for the perfect pillows . one of her beloved cats managed to destroy our previous and quite comfortable pillows , which subsequently caused us to get caught up in the frustrating search for the perfect pillow . we spent a year , buying this pillow and that pillow , all to no avail . then one day i rolled the dice , and bought a pair of these pillows with the covers . the covers actually make the dish . these are the most comfortable pillows that i have ever slept on in my 42 years on this planet ! ! ! these pillows rate 10 stars ! ! ! just follow the directions and enjoy the best nights sleep you have ever had . i do not work for , nor own this company , although after using their product i wish i did ! ! ! our pillows are about three months old so far , and holding up exceptionally well . they recommend you change the water every six months or so , depending on what type of water you put in . the pillow is about half to three quarters cushion , with the water being the bottom layer . they seal tight and do not leak . there is no audible sound from the water in the pillow , as if you follow the directions , they will instruct you on how to expel excess air . these pillows and of those black & decker scissors , have to be my two best finds for 2006 ! ! 
software neg 119.txt the description of this product on the amazon site does not match what i received . like another reviewer mentioned , the product was actually shipped from the uk so it took longer , and several features listed as being in the product are not there , specifically , exporting / saving of loops is not allowed , and there is no library of 1000+ loops included either . it seems to me to be basically like a demo version . also , even though it was advertised as being new in the box , all i got was what looks like a ( used ) cd with no manual or cd key - so much for upgrading later ! i am returning it . the sku should be removed from amazon or the description should be changed to fit what is actually being sent out 
books neg 268.txt oh my , all the terrible reviews for this book are true ! ! ms. steel is excessively repetitive....i mean excessive . ms. steel goes into too much background on the characters way too early in the book...and she continues to repeat this information over and over and over and over...you get the picture . i too found myself saying , " okay , we get it already.. . " i also agree with one of the reviewers who mentioned the bonding experience the men had . i do n't know the men ms. steel knows and hangs out with , but she had these me talking about their feelings with each other , as well as how their dysfunctional pasts had affected them . oh please , no man on earth talks that way . especially to other men . this book is completely aweful . the plot is so slow and does not grab the readers attention . i have read many of ms. steel 's books and i believe this one is her worst . i have now started reading sandra brown and she is sooo much better . i recommend " the alibi . " so far that has been my favorite by her . she has mystery , suspense , romance.. . her words are so much more descriptive and interesting than ms. steels . to sum it up , i was completely disappointed with the book " toxic bachelors . " i highly recommend sandra brown , she is a much better author 
books pos 924.txt this is the greatest unfinished work in all of american literature , and also the best book on filmmaking ever written . so much compassion and wisdom 
books pos 741.txt i first picked up this book because i 've always been interested in what young writers have to say . but i have to admit , even i was a little surprised . this story mind the mythicism , is a real representation of what young children 's minds sometimes go through . that idea of a person you fabricated , gaining more reality than necessary . congrats to ms. oyeyemi for her brilliant attempt to shine some light on this realm that few share conversations about . she is one i 'll keep in my mind for a while . if you like young writers , you should check out charles hedji 's fields of discovery . i 'm an avid reader once again 
software pos 317.txt the new edition of w / p is simply the best . the new features , the little extras you 've come to expect from w / p , the user-friendly tool bars all make this a good investment 
camera pos 157.txt canon has three digital cameras for $2 , 500+. the 1ds mark ii , the 1d mark iin and the relatively new 5d . i chose canon over nikon ( which i 've shot most of my photographic life ) because of canon 's more impressive suite of lenses . here 's the decision process i went through . as with most products , it comes down to how you 'll use it . all of them have tradeoffs . 1. megapixels . more pixels - with a few caveats - translates into an image that can be enlarged ( and cropped more tightly ) with less deterioration . the 1ds is the market leader at 16.7mp , the 5d comes in at 12.7mp and the 1d at 8.2mp . if you 're a commercial art or magazine photographer the 1ds probably makes sense . if you 're a wedding photographer , the 5d is probably the sweet spot . in practice , however , the difference in pixels between these cameras will not make an appreciable difference for most people . at 8.2mp , you can make an 11x17 print at 200 pixels / inch without any enlargement beyond the camera 's native resolution . up to that size , you certainly wo n't see much difference in prints from the three cameras . that said , the higher megapixels of the other cameras gives you more extreme cropping lattitude . 2. full frame . the 1ds and 5d are full frame - that means the sensor in the camera will capture the view of the scene that you 're accustomed to seeing with your 35 mm film camera . the 1d and most digital cameras have what is called a field of view crop factor ( fovcf ) . for the 1d , it 's 1.3x . what that means is that both the viewfinder and the image sensor do n't capture everying the lens is " seeing " - it crops the view in a little tighter . the result : your lenses are effectively 1.3x longer . a 70 mm lens becomes a 91 mm lens and so on . because the camera is effectively " cropping " the edges of the image that the lens produces , it also tends to eliminate the softness or vignetting that appears at the edges of some lenses . whatever camera you use , what you see in the viewfinder is still what you get , and it does n't affect the pixel resolution of the image . my 300 mm lens with a 1.4x extender and a 1.3x fovcf is effectively a 546 mm lens - getting into birding territory . ( if you 're switching from film to digital , some of your lenses may may no longer fit your needs with the focvf . your 35 mm lens is no longer really a wide angle at 45 mm . ) 3. durability . this was most important to me , though it may not be for someone who does n't shoot in extreme conditions or expects to replace their camera in two years . both the 1ds and 1d sport complete metal bodies , sealed against the weather with a shutter that will last at least 200 , 000 cycles . the 5d - a very solid camera - is designed for 100 , 000 , is not weather sealed and has more plastic components . 4. weight / size . what a solid , metal body giveth in durability it taketh away in weight . for those who prefer a camera with heft , these have it . for many people , this is a big drawback . the 1ds and 1d are 43 oz . , or almost three pounds for just the body , without the big battery . add the battery and you 're at 54 oz . the 5d is just 29 oz . and 31 oz . with battery . the 1ds and 1d , with built-in vertical grips , are also more than 2 inches taller . if you 're looking for something less obtrusive and easier to carry around , the 5d is it . 5. speed . there 's a reason the 1d is the camera of choice for photojournalists , sports and many bird photographers . it shoots at a smooth 8.5 frames per second , compared to 4 fps for the 1ds and 3 fps for the 5d . for most day-to-day uses , 3 fps is more than adequate . from using both , i 'd say the 1d autofocuses a bit faster , too . the 1d has 45 autofocus points , compared to nine for the 5d . 6. price . give or take a hundred here or there , the 1ds is about $7 , 200 ; the 1d about $3 , 900 ; and the 5d about $3 , 000. price will determine whether you get the 1ds or not . if you can afford it , go for it . otherwise , other features - or the possiblity of buying more lenses instead of more camera - will make your decision . what did i decide ? first , i looked at how i 'd use the camera : photojournalism , travel and wildlife photography . the higher fps was not as important to me as durability and autofocus speed , so either the 1d or 1ds would do . in the end , i decided i 'd rather spend the money on lenses that would not be obsolete with the next new and improved camera . ( i bought the 300 f / 2.8 is for close to the difference in price . ) so , i went with the 1d mark iin . if my camera was generating some good cash flow or my wife did n't need a new car , i 'd probably have gone with the 1ds . i 'm very happing with the decision and the camera . for most people and most uses - general portrait , landscape and travel photography - the 5d is probably the way to go . ( or perhaps the next greatest camera that canon will announce later this year . 
dvd pos 618.txt simply the most classic surf video ever ! certainly a " must have " for any respectful surfe 
health pos 863.txt as a reviewer of the hitachi magic wand , i can say that this accuvibe seems just as adaquate to do the job , the plus is that this can be used with or without the power cord . perhaps just not as powerfull as the hatachi but pretty dam comparable if not the same , the cordless battery operation is worth the trade off . as mentioned it does the job 
books pos 337.txt well written and fully documented . i confess that i knew very little about the beginings of islam or its constant bloodshed . anywhere islam becomes entrenched , freedom is taken away and civilizations are destroyed . hatred is not discouraged but encouraged . islam 's world view is this in a nutshell , do it our way or perish . this book will rob you of your sleep 
health neg 280.txt i got the machine for my fat , muscle and water analysis as well as my weight . after 1 month of use it only shows the weight . the scale no longer works properly . it no longer shows anything else but the weight . it was a waste of money 
health pos 985.txt i did n't think i would like the fragrance , but it 's absolutely wonderful . it 's not too sweet or strong . it smells good on my daughters and me . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed 
music pos 826.txt quem no gosta de samba , bom sujeito no  ,  ruim da cabea ou doente do p...essa letra desse samba serve para definir melhor o cd da marisa monte . quem no gostar dele ,  doente da cabea , do ouvido , do corpo , etc.  um trabalho dedicado , na medida certa para esta cantora , verdadeira diva da mpb . recomendo a todos . 
software pos 601.txt i bought this to transfer lps to cd . it is simple to connect to the computer , and the software is easy to use . just be sure when you download the mp3 encoding program , to put it in the same directory as the lp ripper . the lp recorder works well and is very easy to use . the lp ripper , makes it easy to trim the tracks , and then encode them as mp3 files . when saving them as mp3 's i can get approximately 20 lp 's on one cd . i am very satisfied with the product 
books pos 784.txt moral consciousness and communicative action is the primary anglophone source for habermas 's writings on & quot ; discourse ethics . &quot ; written in the early eighties , this translation , which was published in 1990 , provides a developmental perspective . the focus of the essays moves from habermas 's statements about the role of philosophy today , in & quot ; philosophy as stand-in and interpeter , to his writing on reconstructive social science in general , to his program for a discourse ethics in particular . the final papers address criticisms of this program . the volume suffers a bit from the fact that thomas mccarthy 's introduction is keen to locate habermas 's position vis a vis various contemporary moral-philosophical standpoints , but does not go very far toward locating the whole initiative in the broader canvas of habermas 's overarching social-theoretic project 
dvd pos 75.txt this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy 
dvd pos 139.txt warner herzog 's " grizzly man " won the director 's guild award for best feature documentary , but the people who pass out oscars apparently did n't agree . " grizzly man " was not among this year 's nominees for best documentary . many of herzog 's narrative films , such as " fitzcaraldo , " deal with man 's attempt to challenge the indifference of nature , so " grizzly man " is not a departure by any means . herzog 's heroes are often obsessed with accomplishing some mysterious , even bizarre , goal . timothy treadwell 's fixation is on grizzly bears . " i am one of them , " he is heard to say . he survived in the wild , accompanied by a video camera , and , on at least one occasion , by a girlfriend . , living among the most dangerous beasts in the world whom he apparently believed he was protecting . " animals rule , " he said , fist defiantly pumping in the air . " timothy conquered . " treadwell became a minor celebrity during his life , appearing once on david letterman 's cbs show , but he aspired to more . before letting his love of animals consume him , he tried his luck in hollywood . he got an agent , and auditioned for tv and movie roles . he was , he told his parents , second choice for the bartender role on " cheers " which went to woody harrelson . missing out on that opportunity left him " crushed . " what really drove treadwell ? he reminds me of fey little carson on " queer eye for the straight guy , " and as he openly mentions that it 's easier to be gay than straight , i wonder if he was homosexual but unable to deal with his orientation , transferred his love of men to the roughest trade imaginable : grizzly bears . " i like girls , " he volunteers , but then he mentions various cruising places - truck stops , men 's rooms - in such a way as to make me think he had personal experience haunting these kinds of homosexual hangouts . he was also an alcoholic . were his wilderness adventures an escape from passions he was emotionally and psychologically unprepared to pursue ? those who are seen offering their remembrances of treadwell never allude to his sexuality . they describe a man whose life is ruled by a naive , hippy , new age approach to nature and who died as a result . the bears , to whom he gave names like " mr. chocolate " and " tabitha , " need protection , he said , and he was their self-appointed caretaker . others suggest that , despite his good intentions , he did more harm to the animals than he could have imagined . after treadwell was eaten by a bear , the animal was shot and its remains became a feast for other forms of wildlife . shooting a bear because he eats a man is comparable to shooting the customers at kfc for eating chicken . what is a bear supposed to do with a human who invades his turf ? treadwell was an intruder . one mans saystreadwell made the mistake of thinking these were people in bear suits . but treadwll knew these were animals . trouble is , his knowledge of animals seemed to have been learned from disney cartoons . the universe , director herzog says , is ruled by hostility , chaos , and murder . treadwell had a different philosophy . " is n't that sad ? " he squeals in his high-pitched girlish voice as he observes a bee who apparently expired while doing " his pollen thing . " " i love that bee , " he says . partially financed by the discovery channel , " grizzly man " is superficially a nature documentary about a man who loved wildlife so much that he felt at home among the bears and wolves more than he did his fellow humans . but it 's also a portrait of a highly disturbed man who admits he was treated for manic depression but rejected medication to control the condition because , he admitted , he needed those soaring highs and crushing lows . he also needed to record his solitary life on video . we see him crying as he pets a wolf , laughing when his command that god make it rain seems to have been obeyed , and arrogantly blasting the humans whom he perceives as the enemy of the animals . what we do not see is his final encounter with the bear that ate him . mercifully , the lens cap was on the camera when he was attacked . the camera was running , though , and treadwell 's screams , and the screams of his girlfriend , were recorded . out of respect for his family , herzog does not let the audience hear these recordings . instead , we see him listening to the audio , and his reaction ( telling one of treadwell 's friends that she must never listen to it , just as she must never see the coroner 's photos of the aftermath of the attack ) , is possibly more effective than including the obviously horrific sounds in the film . " i had no life , " treadwell said of his days before he began to frolic with ferocious beasts . " now i have a life . " that life is memorialized in herzog 's film . brian w . fairbank 
dvd neg 809.txt i have been waiting to see this film for a while now . and i just finally saw it i 'm very dissapointed . this was nothing but a low budget horror flick with cheap trills . the film sucks ! ! ! the nazi zombies coming back from there watery graves to terrorize modern day tourist that are in a small boat . and get stranded on a deserted isolated island . was a great ! idea except that with this film you 're going to be very bored and dissapointed if you ask me . i was expecting a lot more than this the zombie nazi 's make up looks silly . they 're not even frightning or scary they just made me laugh . the picture quality has aged even if it 's dvd format very grainy poor picture quality . i have seen other movies from the 1970 's on dvd and the picture quality looks excellent almost like new or like it has been digitally remasterd for it 's age . but this was awful . the only good thing it has was decent acting lol . like i said before this is nothing but a ( low budget cheap horror film ) rent it if you like . but dont purchased it it will be a waste of your money and time . 
software neg 793.txt buyer beware . if you encounter a technical issue with this product and require a refund , you 're out of luck . they will send you in endless circles attempting to get a product refund . there are many other good products out there that do the same thing . it 's really easy to purchase , but impossible to get a refund 
music pos 579.txt despite the excellent screenplay by sam shepherd and the solid acting by harry dean stanton , i found " paris , texas " a rather unimpressive film , and the only thing that kept it together for me was cooder 's astounding soundtrack . the music here is simple , yet very moving and even haunting . his guitar stylings really captured the mood and feel that the film was otherwise supposed to convey . it seems to seep right out of the desolate landscape of the southwest . every time i listen to this cd it reminds me of driving along some deserted highway in nevada , se california , etc. also , it 's really nice that the soundtrack contains the story ( " i knew these people " ) told by stanton 's character , since to me that was the best part of the movie . even so , seeing " paris , texas " is not a prerequisite for enjoying this cd , the music is phenomenal in its own right 
dvd pos 825.txt i will make this short . aykroyd , candy two men who are hilarious together is of course hilarious . the story is about a man who loves his family and is a middle class man going on vaction . his relatives decide to join him without letting him know . the relatives are totally diffre n't from the family they join and seeing them mingle is a riot . i say get this movie because everyone i know who has seen it all say the same thing " i love that movie , it is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . 
software neg 325.txt it 's time to switch to any product but a symantec one : what was once the best security software company for pc users is now the worst . it was time to upgrade my systemworks premier to the 2007 version , so i checked out the ' 07 features online . but where was password manager ? hell , i have 187 passwords and logins i depend upon password manager to fill in - - at least 30 of them a day . after an hour on the phone with allegedly ' english-speaking ' symantec csr 's in bombay , the story i got was that customer surveys prompted them to ' drop ' password manager . not being stupid , i said , ' let me guess , symantec 's going to roll out a stand-alone password manager to extort another $40 from me' . ' oh , no , sir , no , no.. . ' and here it is : a $[...] rip-off , nothing but password manager - - not so cleverly disguised as ' the vault ' - - along with other features ie7 provides for free , and marketed as a ' new ' online security program . symantec seems to put more effort into playing marketing games with their customers than they do into making the programs they sell work correctly . norton anti-virus is a mess ; it 's once-a-week wednesday night updates are now a joke : launch your attack , release your new virus on a thursday morning and you 'll have millions of nav subscribers at your mercy for at least a week . three times in the past few months , nav has failed to stop an attack - - after several years of never failing . systemworks too seems to be causing more problems than it solves ( i 'm continually rolling back to undo ' fixes ' one button checkup or windoctor creates , after the ' fix ' crashes my system ) . goodbye , norton , hello mcafee - - or anybody else . this rip-off - - deleting password manager from systemworks only to regurgitate it as this bug-filled mess called norton confidential - - is the last straw 
music neg 736.txt so far , so good...so what ! ( in it 's origional form ) used to conjure feeling . the remastered edition sounds like a group of studio musicians tried to remake the album and just did n't quite hit the nail on the head . if you bought this album on cassette when it came out in the late 80s , get your hands on that version . 
dvd neg 147.txt why did they even bother transferring this movie to dvd ? seriously ? the [...] child of a masterpiece , " the vanishing " sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright hilarious performances of the 90's . this is n't a matter of comparison . this movie , all by itself , just sucks . if i had n't seen the original i 'd just think , " what a brilliant plot , too bad they decided to bury it ( no pun intended ) with everything else in the movie " . jeff bridges manages an unintentional bust a gut type performance as the sociopathic professor ; his accent is so forced and ridiculous that one wonders occasionally if this a parody of that great , gut wrenchingly disturbing , hitchcockian 1988 movie . sandra bullock and kiefer sutherland are themselves , which add nothing to the movie . and the ending . oh , the ending . we 've been cheated . totally cheated . all the power that this clunker might have had is torn away in a fervor of " it has to be upbeat ! " hollywood cornball syndrome . sandra bullock is rescued , the villain is hit with a shovel , and everything is a-ok ! even though kiefer sutherland 's original girlfriend has been buried alive and suffocated . this is [...]of a great movie . 
camera neg 550.txt downside : 1. i 'll have to add my complaint to several others who had the same problem . the camera suddenly stopped working after nearly 18 months of having no problems . i switched batteries...let it set for some time without batteries or memory card in it...nothing is getting it to work . on top of that i now have a memory card with photos on it that i ca n't transfer to my computer without a working camera to do that . 2. not good with indoors pictures especially if you try the " night " mode . if you use that mode , even with a tripod , keep your subjects to still-lifes , only...if you photograph people and they happen to move even the slightest , they will at best be blurry , at worst they will look like double exposures . 3. indoors pictures set at normal mode , with or without flash , are no better and may even be worse than your standard cheap 35mm camera . upside : 1. through its usb cable , it booted right into apple 's iphoto software making the organizing and editing of photos that i took a breeze . 2. outdoors , with plenty of sunlight , gave me near-perfect pictures that got a lot of praise . kodak did well with this aspect of the camera 's ability , given the price . 3. we won this camera ( free ) so for me it 's almost all upside...except now i have to shell out $$$ for a good camera ( that will hopefully read my current memory card 
software pos 544.txt well its definetly improved version since the last one , but they still have a lot of things to do . the biggest problem is pages . if text has specific symbols , like greek letters and u try to export your file to doc , forget it . u 'll have the same problem as 10 yrs ago , either funky symbols or underline dashes . keynote is much better . but if u r a scientist and not a sales man , both packages still have a lot of room for improvement . however , i 'm still happy with this purchase , because it 's apple soft and looks much nicer than any ms software will get in the future 
camera neg 883.txt i loved this camera when i got it . but after three months the lens would not close . it makes grinding noises , the canon logo pops up on the screen then shuts off again . i am very disappointed in this camera 
camera neg 259.txt i bought this camera in oct 2005. i brought it everywhere . loved it . in april 2006 , the lcd screen blew . canon replaced it with a refurbished camera . in march 2007 , the exact same thing happened to the screen and now they will only repair for $97.00 , as they have determined this is the result of impact damage . how they determine this is unclear to me , as it was not dropped or impacted...apparently , you will spend 100.00 / yr maintaining this camera . that , to me , is the hallmark of a faulty product . unfortunate - as i really loved this camera 
camera neg 478.txt we bought one of these in the spring of ' 05. we took it on vacation in july of ' 05 and the lcd screen blacked out a few days into our vacation . i called hp and was informed that a reconditioned ( used ) camera was all that i could get . the camera was still under the manufacturers ' warranty , but their policy was to replace it with a used camera , not a new one . i had to settle for the " reconditioned " camera . it has been ok since then . hp 's customer service is at best mediocre . there are the usual annoying and seemingly endless voice prompts in order to get to an actual service rep , and since hp has out-sourced all of its tech support to the third world , i had a hard time understanding the reps i spoke to . this camera also eats a ton of batteries and takes a few seconds to engage after depressing the button , which is annoying if you 're trying to photograph anything other than a posed shot . all in all , disappointing . i will never buy another hp camera 
health pos 137.txt i like the 4 brush holder and the power and brushing action of this model . the kids find the 30 second interval timer especially helpful to keep moving around the mouth . it 's a bit louder than the older model , probably because it 's got an additional motion , and the blue charging light is bright enough for a night light . overall , just what we wanted 
dvd neg 552.txt my objection was the implication that the " stars " played a part in the film . i felt that the picture was completely deceptive . ms richards and ms hanna had less than 15 minutes ( maybe a little more but not much and possible even less ) and were clearly there to fool the viewer . it was an interesting documentary about prostitution and it might have been an interesting and revealing film if the the stars had been left out and it was done only as a documentary 
dvd pos 290.txt an absolute must have for all parents , families and professionals ! as a speech & amp ; language pathologist , i have worked with special needs children for 17 years , and finally i have viewed a high quality product for children diagnosed with down syndrome . informative , comprehensive and heart warming are just a few words to describe this excellent dvd . i would highly recommend it for not only families , but for all professionals working with this population . in fact , i believe it should be part of the training and curriculum for all disciplines intending to serve these wonderful children . thanks for a great product 
health neg 434.txt had to return this b / p cuff . could not get it to work properly . medical devices need to be made a great deal better than this one. . 
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase . 
camera neg 329.txt this camera was great at first and very easy to use , however , the condensation error many others seem to have came true for us as well . when we first got the error it had not been anywhere near any water or moisture , so we put it in our cedar chest ( we keep our house very dry and do n't live in a humid area - nebraska ) . this worked for a few months , but the error is now on permanently and the camera is useless . i wish it was different , but bottom line , this is a disposable video camera - a nice one , but still disposable 
software neg 367.txt normally i might wait to install a new software upgrade , but i just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use office 2007 with the new vista operating system . i was wrong . you would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . but after a month of using office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . microsoft should be ashamed . i do n't know the root cause of my problems , but i have to stress that i am running a clean install of office 2007 on vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues . so what are my issues ? the list is long : - - my biggest concern is that ms word constantly hangs and stalls . it can making editing a document very painful . i suspect the problem is when i put images or visio diagrams into a document . but that is something the old ms word was able to do without an issue . oddly , if i have a colleague open the document and save it out in word 2003 , the problem goes away ! what ? ! it 's killing my productivity . - - when ever i cut and paste from an old document , word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . and often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . i keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . this never happened in the old word . this is another time killer . - - every few days , outlook 2007 starts telling me that it cannot display my email folders . uh oh ! i have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . - - outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send - - they look like a mess . it is because outlook 2007 does not render html correctly since it uses the word engine , not internet explorer to display email . i have no idea why microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . - - many of the issues in the old word 2003 still have n't been fixed . if you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . why ca n't they solve this one ? - - while most office programs have the new ribbon interface ( which i like ) , some programs like visio 2007 do not . so you have to remember how to use two interfaces . could n't microsoft find the time and money to update all its programs ? give me a break . - - on a few occassions in visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . at first i thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . a few times i 've gotten an error message and lost my work . ug. - - word and excel 2007 use a completely new file format . so anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed ( which is n't likely the case ) . to get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive - - one in the new format and one in the old format . what a pain ! also , there definitely seems to be an issue with office 2007 opening older office 2003 files . could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way i can avoid using old files . they should have worked harder on compatibility . there are good things about the new 2007. i do like the new interface design and the new features in outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar . but i do n't think it 's fair that microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . i did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . surely they can afford to do better ! 
dvd neg 573.txt this is the first and only dvds i will buy from this company . this could be possibly the worst instructional videos that you could buy . i learned absolutely nothing , and the women were disgusting . trust me do not buy this dvd if your life depends on it . 
software pos 313.txt i like wordperfect much better than microsoft word as it is easier to use . reviel codes solves a lot of problems when text wont behave . not available in word . i bought the x3 version because of some bad bugs in ver 12. , like not being able to export my address book without errors and mail merge problems . the price was right on amazon and it was easier that trying to fix 12. i do n't see a big difference between the two versions except that they fixed all the problems that i was having in 12. if an earlier version is working for you , i see no good reason to upgrade . b 
dvd pos 972.txt this live dvd was released as a companion to randy travis ' " worship & faith " cd . the concert was recorded on july 15 , 2003 at calvary assmebly god church in orlando , florida . here , travis delivers many of the songs from the w&f album , plus " pray for the fish " and his country radio hit " three wooden crosses . " comments from travis and from several fans are added in between songs . like its audio companion , this dvd contains a great mix of classic hymns , camp meeting songs and contemporary worship songs . some of the highlights include " you are worthy of my praise , " " just a closer walk with thee , " " we fall down " and " open the eyes of my heart . " other noteworthy tracks include " shall we gather at the river , " " peace in the valley , " " above all " and " love lifted me . " travis closes the show with " three wooden crosses , " the first song recorded on a christian music label to ever top the country music charts . " worship & faith " is a great dvd for lovers of worship music , lovers of country music , as well as for any and every randy travis fan . this is an excellent dvd 
music neg 707.txt after discovering and loving the sound of gotan project i was shopping around for groups with a similar sound . i stumbled along emigrante and upon reading the other reviews written on this site about this cd , i thought i had found another gem . boy was i wrong . the first track drew me in and left me spellbound , unfortunately , it was all downhill after that . i was listening to the cd for the first time in my car and forgot it was even on . the rest of the songs were so uninspiring , the music soon became nothing more than meaningless background noise 
software neg 65.txt first of all , microsoft needs to come down on their prices ( not that this will ever happen ) . i build computers for a living , and i 'd say that 9 times out of 10 windows is the single most expensive piece of any pc i build . that being said , xp has come a long way . service pack 2 has done wonders for security . i also found it is the most stable version of windows i 've used to date . that 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . it still lets in it 's share of " germs " , stops responding from time to time ( hangs ) , and it 's very slow to shut down . the built-in cd writing software is terrible and remote desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . however , the biggest problem i 've had so far is with product activation . as a pc technician , i 'm always testing new parts . the most annoying problem i 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes ( let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory ) all within a certain period of time ( 180 days maybe ? ) windows makes you reactivate . this becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . it makes you call microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . then you have to read them a long number ( i think 41 digits ) and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . it 's driven me to the point of using windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing xp compatibility . overall , i feel that i paid too much for this operating system . 
dvd pos 219.txt when kerouac , ginsberg , and burroughs set out in their writing , they had no idea what it would create - a whole movement . this film , including interviews taken when ginsberg and burroughs were alive , assembles clips from media , film , and personal account to show the beginnings of the beats up to the passing-away of ginsberg and burroughs . with a large assembly of other beat writers and the poets they influenced ( carroll and bukowski ) , it is an extensive study to a misunderstood movement . it is interesting to see the beat propaganda of the sixties , how negative and mocking the media treated the sense of a & quot ; cool&quot ; movement ; they painted a false portrait . this film is for lovers of beat or people genuinely interested . however , if you do not like documentaries , you wo n't like this one . also , i was disappointed to see depp , hopper , and turturro reciting long pieces of work when the actual writers could have performed it . honestly , i skipped these parts . i wanted to see ginsburg doing & quot ; howl . &quot ; another disappointment is the dvd version , which was slapped together on the fly . i envisioned additional clips and useful information ( let 's face it , you can put tons on a dvd ) , but only had 2 or 3 screens of names credited for making the movie and the trailer ( in this case , not exciting ) . however , with all disappointments aside , this film is good for a few viewings . it conveys a better picture of the beats than other films have before and enjoyed alot of the material 
music pos 686.txt i put off buying this for many years . having heard many posthumous albums that were just hideous , i did n't want to taint my perceptions of the queen legacy . so i ignored this album . then , one day , i was listening to innuendo and that old curiosity crept in again . i came here and read many positive reviews , so i took the plunge . i came out the other side very content . the legacy had not been tainted . the album is uneven in places , but the songs that are good are very good ( mother love , let me live ) . with some albums like this , it is often easy to tell that the vocals were spliced in . now , i do n't know exactly how this was done , but the songs feel seamless , even the dance track " you do n't fool me , " which i can picture being blasted at high volumes in a late-night club . of course there is some sadness in the songs and that feeling that time is running out ( especially in " mother love " ) , but upon the conclusion of the album , i want to say to the brian and the boys ( men ) , " you 've done good . 
software neg 7.txt this dude is selling info that you can learn from anyone with very limited computer knowledge . all of the same info is on the net for free . this product exists for one purpose.. . to steal from you . this pathetic thief has gone through the trouble of putting together an eleaborate scam to steal from his customers by charging their credit card 80 bucks a month without their permission . he could have used his energy and tallents to just make a good product.. . but scams seem to be his thing . avoid ! ! this is the worst company that i have ever delt with in my entire life . this john guy and anyone that works for him should be ashamed . he is an embarrasement to his company and his family . at least a mugger steals from me face to face.. . this snake is sneaky about it 
camera neg 345.txt i bought three of these - - one for myself and one for each pair of grandparents . two of them stopped working . one of the two had tons of bad pixels and the other one just stopped . unfortunately , out of the warranty period ! and inquiry to the manufacturer has been ignored . i 'm out a lot of money for this garbage . do not waste your money on this garbage ! ! ! ! 
camera pos 577.txt when it comes to buying camcorders , i personally like the one with the build in memory . but after using this camcorder i was forced to change my mind . unlike other sony camcorders , first of all , it offers upto 40x zoom which is a lot . its a good use of your money . you can have it for under $400 and still works better than a lot of choices out there . easy to use , touch screen , takes still photos , has a good speaker so it 's easier to record video and voice , fits into your palm so to speak , and if you use rewritable mini dvds , you would n't have to worry about go out of memory . so when it comes to sony camcorders , i would say the better quality of this one would get the job done properly . 
music neg 84.txt no need to say more , these f@gs are just making lousy punk pop for the teenage girls and mtv watching kids who think they 're quite rebel with listening to this kind of sheit , and these suckers do it just for the money like green day or blink 182. there just have to be some stuff like this to fill all the pop and mtv charts 
dvd pos 966.txt david lean 's " the bridge on the river kwai " like jean renoir 's " grand illusion " is an anti-heroic war film , set in a prisoner of war camp environment.. . but there , the point of resemblance came to an end.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " is an adventure film in which the nature of world war ii is explored.. . and if in " grand illusion " the characters were described by a great artist who treasures their common humanity , in " the bridge on the river kwai " they are forced to carry out their destinies by an officer who cannot bear to see his bridge blown up.. . escape is almost impossible from the japanese camp located near the kwai river in burma.. . the prisoners are badly treated by cruel guards.. . the camp commander is a rigid psychopath.. . conditions are hard to bear.. . psychological state of the war british prisoners in constant alteration.. . into the presumptuous situation comes colonel nicholson ( alec guinness in a fascinating performance ) , a strict , serene , dedicated british officer , deeply concerned for the welfare of his men.. . nicholson is under severe pressure from the stubborn japanese colonel saito ( sessue hayakawa ) for insisting on his attachment to the geneva convention and refusing to allow his officers to be used on the construction of the strategic bridge.. . nichilson survives the oppressive punishment imposed on him , but his obsession has risen to near-madness.. . he agrees to help the japanese build their bridge , and in his determination to find victory in defeat , he ignores that the bridge , which he insists must be a ' proper bridge , ' will serve the japanese objectives against the british troops.. . in addition to the powerful rules of a prison camp picture , captors against captives and an interesting moral respect to a military code , a third element , in the story , is introduced : a small commando team led by major warden ( jack hawkins ) and an american sailor ( william holden ) whose mission is to destroy the strategic bridge. . the film leads swiftly to a suspenseful climax : a japanese train and a commando force directed to a same goal , the brige of the river kwai.. . each character , in the motion picture , has a valid reason for what he is doing , and each elaborates a relationship to the bridge revealed to be obsession and insane.. . " the bridge on the river kwai " hits with ' war ' in a compelling logic of events , the indulgence of self-destruction . with a great visual beauty and terrific whistling tune march , " the bridge on the river kwai " is a great dramatic entertainment of the wills of men.. . 
health pos 520.txt i 've only had this scale for a short time , but so far so good . i 've found that in order to get a scale that is perfect or near perfect you have to spend a boat load of money . as someone before has mentioned the one drawback to this scale is that you have to set it back to zero every so often . i specifically wanted to get an analog scale for this reason , with an inexpensive digital scale , which is what i had last , you ca n't reset it like you can an analog . this scale is a great buy , for only $10 how can you go wrong ! 
books pos 472.txt for the first quarter of the book , i thought eugenia was ( to be polite ) a witch . she slowly became likeable . all of poor cyrus 's choices in clothing were so tacky . the story had a good blend of romance and mystery . after reading this book and all the talk of glass , i have a serious interest in collecting glass art 
health neg 150.txt do n't waste your time and money on this product . i have gone thru 3 of these in the last 6 months , two in the last week . all of them have had defective switches . amazon should not sell this product the quality of the switches is unacceptably poor . 3 / 13 / 0 
camera pos 181.txt it seems surprising that canon would make a product out of anything but the best materials . lensmate makes a superior product out of aluminum in black and silver 
books pos 425.txt it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends 
dvd neg 544.txt let me start by saying that i may need to quit listening to the opinions of some of my co-workers in regards to movies to watch , at least when it comes to the horror genre . numerous people where i work told me that this movie , " the descent " was absolutely one of the best horror movies ever to be made . in their defense , my co-workers were n't the only people with this opinion , many critics and other moviegoers said the same thing . well , apparently the hype that was built up for me regarding this movie was more than the film could live up to , because i was sorely disappointed , but more on that later , for now i will give you my plot summary for last year 's supposed horror spectacular , " the descent " " the descent " begins with a young woman on vacation with her family and friends , when her husband and her daughter suffer a tragic accident . one year later at the prodding of those same friends , she accompanies them on a spelunking adventure , the problem is none of her friends have ever been to this cave , in fact it 's a newly discovered cave that no one has explored as yet . so as they attempt to explore the unexplored these brave young women become trapped in the cave . making matters worse , this cave is not like any ordinary cave , for this one is inhabited by bloodthirsty mutant creatures who have just found their next meal . at the beginning of watching this movie i was really interested in the developing story , and the shocking opener really caught my attention , giving me a sense that this movie is going to be different than most horror movies by actually giving you the unexpected . however , once the story gets to the part where the girls are inside the cave , which is actually where the majority of the film takes place , things begin to go awry for the picture . at first , the filmmakers were doing a good job of using the claustrophobic atmosphere , giving the audience a sense of entrapment and anxiety which served to heighten the suspense regarding the possibility of impending doom . then the filmmakers introduce a fact that i felt completely derailed the movie , this is a cave that no one has been in , and these girls are hardly professional . so , who in their right mind would put all of their friends lives in possible jeopardy just to be the first to explore a newly discovered cave . it 's absolutely stupid , especially when placed viewed in the context of the character 's interaction and companionship with each other , none of these girls would do this to each other . after this occurs the mutants show up , a plot point that i was hoping would help put the movie back in the right direction ; however , this is where the movie begins to unwind even faster , because it 's now just one gory scene after another , and the movie is nothing more than your average monster movie . a decision i somewhat agreed with , yet still did n't agree with was the decision to keep the mutants origins unknown . on the one hand this served to add to the mystery of why they are attacking these girls , you just assume they 're cannibalistic , but on the other it would have been nice to know how they got there . even though " the descent " was hyped as being one of the best horror movies of recent time , by both my friends and many critics and moviegoers , to me it was merely another average addition to a genre that is already full of mediocrity . " the descent " is unrated and contains violence and language 
camera neg 93.txt there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal 
health neg 684.txt this product is called a " bouffant style oversized " shower cap . it is so small that it would not fit over my wife 's head . the product features list claims it is made of " soft , pretty fabric . " in fact it is made of thin , crunchy plastic . it is so poorly made that the stiching is crooked , overlaps and has threads hanging in several places . this shower cap went directly in the garbage 
books neg 140.txt i am a gigantic james brown fan , i have 100 albums , 130 singles , i 've met him 5 times , seen him live over 100 times since 1971 , had lunch with him in nyc , and i am the ' paul ' in the jb section of gerri hirshey 's nice history of soul music nowhere to run , but if this book was written by james brown or if he even had much to tell the writer , i 'll eat my refrigerator . it is so full of errors that it is laughable . one of the most glaring errors was when mr. brown ' supposedly ' said , " say it loud was where funk started " or something to that effect . that is so ridiculous . james brown would never say such a thing ! any student of funk knows that cold sweat was the quintessentional funk piece and it is not even mentioned in the book ! ! ! the style of mr. brown 's sentences that are attributed to him sound nothing like him . i have no idea why this was put out . the other ' autobiography ' written over a decade ago was more relevent and much better written , the godfather of soul by jb and bruce tucker . someone , ( alan leeds ? ) needs to write a 600 page comprehensive biography of mr. brown with much more detail . 
dvd pos 106.txt before i rate the box set and the four movies i would like to give you a brief history of my life with these films . when i was really young i use to always ask my dad to rent tremors and we would all set and whatch it . but when i got a bit older and i could understand things better i became afraid and was scared of grabiods coming up from underneath are house and eating me . anyways after about two years i got the guts to whatch tremors 2 : after shocks . and afterwards i was agian afraid of grabiods and now shriekers attacking me . finally after about ten years of not watching them , me and my buddy travis got to talking about tremors and he asked me what grabiods where . so i dicided to draw him pictures of them and after a few days i ended up creating a tremors comic . so after becoming so involved with tremors again i decided to watch the first film again . and after it ended , i bought it off amazon and a week later i bought the third movie and then another week after that i bought the second . i had literly gone a 180 from fearing tremors so long ago to become a huge fan . and when the fourth finally came out i had my family , my friend travis and his brother hooked . now after being a huge fan and watching the four films over and over i can finally rate them . the original tremors is by far the best ; with it 's all star cast and great story line . the second best would have to be tremors 4 : the legend begins because it stays more true to the first and it shows how it all began . tremors 2 : after shocks would be third best since it stared earl and gummer and tremors 3 : back to prefection would have to be the worst since it 's story is weak , its short and it takes the evolution thing a bit far . overall this is a great pack of all four tremors movies and if i had n't boughten all of them aready i would buy this attack pack . ps. tremors 5 script has been finished and if tremors 4 sales enough they will make a fifth . and one more thing it would be awsome if universal would release tremors : the series on dvd . 
music neg 111.txt i agree with all the other reviewers .. nice quality recording for its time considering it was in the vaults for decades ..great playing from all concerned ( except the cursed drummer ) , i cannot imagine what poor jerry gemmot went through with that drummer .. he should have been dismissed immediately ..or shot ..it would have sounded better without him .. gawd ' awful .. spoils the whole dang thing .. any way .. i cannot listen to this anymore without getting uncomfortable , so it 's back to soul of a man , re-kooperation , live adventures , super session , and kooper sessions with shuggie 
music pos 645.txt very rich in music , fully orchestrated and full of energy . i highly recommend this album for everyone who loves new age music and to all those who like classical music . david took it to another level on this one . i myself like new age artists that incorporate orchestra to their music and that is why i loved this album . if you like this album , i recommend you to explore yanni , secret garden , giovanni and bernward koch 
software pos 939.txt i purchased this product to put 2 cds together . i had never attempted something like this and was a total novice . audio cleaning lab was terrific ! i found it easy to understand and use , with unexpected options that improved the project i was working on . my one word to describe it- - - simple....or maybe...effective...or maybe...straightforward...or maybe...uncomplicated...or maybe...useful...or maybe...valuable...or maybe. . 
health neg 33.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch 
dvd neg 413.txt for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy ' the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy ' death&rebirth' . buy ' the end of evangelion ' instead 
books neg 570.txt a bunch of junk . not any of the really meaty excersises . an excuse for the auhor to make money 
dvd neg 397.txt i found this movie to be almost unwatchable . if your idea of a good time is watching henry gibson trying to sing while the camera takes long pans over dull crowd scenes , then this movie is for you . the three minutes of excitement near the end barely has anything to do with anything that preceeded it . altman can pull off such greats as " mash " and " godsford park " and then stink up the joint with this . what 's up with that 
dvd pos 994.txt i think a lot of people miss the power of this movie . to me this is a scathing view of how simple minded religious people are duped by ministries in this country . even though this was made some years ago before the advent of the infamous tv ministries today , the message is still clear . those who have only a simplistic relgious outlook are prey for the kind of charletans portrayed in this movie . this is certainly one of burt lancaster 's better roles , and he plays it with much guesto ! if we were to look at most of the popular ministers today we would find that many are from this dark kind of background . this movie has a strong message . do n't listen to the word of god from others . if you must believe in the wild stories of the bible , do so in your own way . do not sanction phoney churches and preachers with your time and money ! even in this modern day and age , the influence of this kind of hokem is still strong . mr. bush and the republican party used it as a means to seek re-election ! everyone who is a born again christian , or a church goer of any kind should see this movie and perhaps get a better understanding of what the religious industry is in this country . the ending of the film is perhaps a bit contrived , meant to imply the dangers of man assuming the powers of the almighty ( if there is one ) . still , a powerful film for its time and contains a worthwhile message for viewers today . 
dvd neg 517.txt this video was not animated like the classic chuck jones features such as " the cat in the hat " and " the grinch " . my daughter was rather disappointed to see the camera scanning over pages of the books she already owns along with paper cutouts of the characters floating around as a cheap replacement for animation . we give this video a thumbs down 
health neg 240.txt i bought the happy co electric head tripper for my husband for christmas . he has wanted ones that we 've seen in the mall , so this seem to be a good one . well , the plastic pieces that fit into the slot were very flemsy . we had to be careful not to snap it trying to get it in . once we got it in , the head tripper felt great . it really did send goosebumps down my spine . the only problem is the purple plastic piece broke off , litterally the next day after giving it to him . it first was bent and then finally broke all the way off . i do not recommend this product . i was thinking of getting the ting ting motorized head massager to replace them . you can still use the happy head tripper it is just one tong short 
books pos 763.txt rather a funny novel , gets off to a slow start but the end is superb . worth reading 
health pos 130.txt i rate ( green tea fat burner ) 5 star . because i bot another called lipoxinol 70.00 ) and i bot another one called ( green tea fat furner ) and it was better in quality wise and its only 14.99 at costco . lipoxinol is very good as well but more expesive . bot off amazon.it sais its ( made canada ) derctions say to take 4 pills in am & 4pills pm . and man there great . the ( green tea fat burners ) in comparison dictions say take 2 pillsam & 2pills pm . i over rall i think ( green tea fat burner ) makes me a little bit more hyper . the more hyper the more stuff i do , that means the more excerise i get , , , , , you will see lipoxinal on amazon . its 4 star , this one has less rating for some reason , not many people said much about it , wierd , americans like to pay more money when , this one can work just as great , not all work tho , but like i said this one was great for me in wise , i bot both , dont go off telling every one u are taking weight loss pills because people will get worryed , like theres no problem , people drink coffee every day of there life , i told my mom and she thot i was crazy , but what dose my mom know , she never tryed weight loss pills , i tryed ntoher one from the natral food store call mini skiny fat burner and i felt like i just shot my self with cocane , so be carfull , earbs have been used for thousand of years and can make u drug crazy , 
camera pos 835.txt my family goes swimming quiet a bit . i got the sports pack to take pictures of the kids underwater in the pool . this is a big hit . it works extremely well . i also highly recommend the sony dsc-t9 camera . it 's great for trips . it 's so small you can put it in your pocket and the pics look great 
dvd neg 128.txt black hawk down has n't got an interesting story on offer . when a bunch of marines is stranded in mogadishu , somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start attacking them . from there it is just angry men running and shooting . although this is what you would expect from a war movie , black hawk down remains way below average . i think this movie could have done better with some obvious main characters . now you barely get a chance to start caring about what happens to the soldiers . now you have so many qualified actors doing nothing but firing guns . as this movie was based on events that truly took place , probably americans will appreciate black hawk down a little more . ( sarr ) 
software pos 875.txt i have been using the family tree maker products for a number of years . i love its ease in the ability to add new people into the genealogy charts . i am a little disappointed in the change that moved the screen away from looking like a tabbed folder . i feel that the old style was a lot more user friendly , both visually and functionally 
health pos 931.txt i installed this unit in my basement about 6 months ago , and it has been working flawlessly ever since . things i noticed : if the power goes out , the unit will not turn back on automatically ( as some other units do . ) if you want to use the continuous drainage ( which i highly recommend ) via a hose , you have to punch out a plastic disc on the side of the unit . i would have designed a screw-type plug that was replacable , but they did n't think of that . anyway , once you punch the quarter-size disc out it 's out forever . if you choose to use the continuous drainage feature , you will need to pick up a hose with an inner diameter of 15mm ( .59 " or just over half an inch . ) i went to the local diy center and found some clear tubing that has worked well . the unit can operate down to 2-degrees c ( 36-degrees f ) , which will be great for continuous operation in the garage to keep the tools from rusting . has three fan settings : med , high and quiet . " quiet " really is quiet , and could probably work just fine in a bedroom . though , it does warm the room it 's in . how much it warms it depends on the humidity setting . four settings : the humidty level ( humidstat ) can be set to " continuous dehumidification " ( which is the default setting ) , 50% , 60% and 70%. the fan will continue to run but the dehumidification processor will turn off when it reaches the selected humidity level . cool . i mean , that 's when the fan will just blow room-temp air . a full drainage tank will stop the unit and illuminate a " tank full " indicator light . the unit is not that heavy - - maybe for some , but not nearly as heavy as some people make it sound . it 's 30.8 pounds . according to the instructions : you will need at least 21 cm ( about 8 inches ) of clearance in front , behind and side to side . air blows out of the top of the unit , so you 'll need to make sure it 's clear as well . there are movable louvers on the top to direct the air straight up , 45-degrees or almost straight ahead . power consumption : cfm-25e is 220w / / cfm-40e is 330w i highly recommend this model dehumidifier 
software neg 304.txt both versions of scansoft cause my installer to have problems . mainly it tries to re-install softscan every time i start up softscan . also it has started to try and reinstall softscan if i try to right click on a jpg . there is very little to no chance of getting any help from scansoft ( nuance ) to debug this problem . save your money and buy some thing else 
books pos 400.txt the greatest paragraph in all of singer is the one at the beginning of his story , shosha , where he says he knew two dead languages , hebrew and aramaic , and was educated to read about the cultic requirements of a temple which had not existed for 1900 years ; he knew yiddish which he considered perhaps not a language at all , and that although his ancestors had lived in poland for five or six hundred years he knew only a few words of polish , although he lived in poland for all of his youth until he came to america . nothing says more about the unhealthy state of the jews than this . zionists should use this quote as the supreme justification for their idea that jewish life in the diaspora was very disfunctional and certainly unhealthy 
health neg 173.txt this unit has all marketing features , date , time , memory stores up to 48 prior readings by date & time , but there is one problem its not acurate . my doctor said wrist cuffs can be -10% off just because of taking the reading at the wrist and not on the arm next to the heart , just like taking your bp on the right arm . the further from you heart the lower your readings . example : the doctor takes my bp then i take it with the cuff monitor he / she sys its 110 / 56 54 beats / min where this one reads 151 / 93 60 beats / min . we tried it several times and each time it was incorrect . so he told me not to use it . i bought a simular unit , no date , time on the screen , but stores 99 prior readings , tested again with the doctor 's nurse and found it to be within limits . she said you never get the same reading twice in a row . some nurses & doctor 's even take three readings and take the average . 
camera pos 51.txt this is a good tool , does the job well , and serves the purpose , but is a little overpriced and canon keeps changing connectors , forcing us to buy new accessories which is a wrong practice against the consumer . i give a 4 star because of canon , not because of the product . if you are willing to pay for it , it 's a good product . 
software neg 373.txt i 've tried to be a loyal quickbooks pro user for 5 years now and at first this company provided a competent accounting product that was decent after you learned its idiosyncracies . but each year you will be forced to update ( $$$ ) or your tax tables will not be accurate , and each year some of the capabilities will be lost and you will have to pay for them to be restored ( $$$ ) , each year the program will be more expensive to update ( $$$ ) . i am not an unreasonable business owner and i do n't mind paying for good service , but intuit has turned into a unethical , money grubbing monster . they sunset and disable your software every time you download an update , forcing updates and buying previously provided services ( payroll tax tables , e-mailing invoices , printing 1099 and w2 ) . this is especially true at year end , becuase they know they have you in a tax / year end crunch . now they are even doing unauthorised billing of new services ( last year they started charging quarterly fees for tax tables- -this year they charge a mandatoy $300 payroll update as well as a $100 software update for the program itself . ) furthermore they charge your credit card without permission under the ruberic that its the same as the quarterly tax table fee . honestly , consider some other program ! this deceptive practice of software disabling and data blocking , combined with the dubious practice of sunsetting software every year has grown intolerable . i hope they get the class action suit they deserve . 
books pos 819.txt this very fascinating book is a story written in the form of numerous letters and personal diary entries made by the principle character of the book . it chronicals the life of a young scottish woman forced to live first in china then japan . well written and historically accurate , it 's obvious the author is intimately familiar with the the culture , customs , history and life style of japan . this makes the book that much more interesting and fascinating for those who enjoy realism and demand accuracy in a story . for all who 've ever lived in japan , it 's a believable tale that literally makes you feel you 've stepped back in a time machine to witness the birth of modern japan . for those who have n't lived in japan , believe that the author has done his homework and is not simply just creating a fictional setting in his mind . because of this , he 's able to focus on his character versus scene / setting development and thus creates a living breathing person in your mind . the timespan covers over 40 years as the story weaves through her trials and tribulations , and shows how her fortitude and strength serve her through tumultuous events in her life . a gripping tale that draws on your emotions and has you constantly rooting for her . when the last page is read it leaves you wishing the story would continue , but even good books must end . be prepared to sit a spell . once you start reading you 'll find it hard to put down 
music neg 132.txt i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs 
software pos 699.txt this software offers simple and easy to use way of getting ones affairs in order 
books pos 539.txt although the photographs are dated , the material is classic . this book is a must for anyone who is involved with design or review of open spaces . it shows how people use open space and identifies the common elements of successful spaces . while the elements all seem logical , the book shows how we often fly in the face of logic when using these spaces . the book focuses primarily on plazas and small parks in new york city , but includes a section for smaller cities with low rise buildings . the information can also be applied to parks in any size town . this book is a facinating case study in social ecology 
software pos 718.txt great for managing your basic accounts and finances . easy to use . worth the price . interacts well with online banking services 
music neg 367.txt or in their entire career for that matter . i have tried to like this band , but greg dulli just wo n't shut up . every song is his snide lyrical diatribing , on and on and on . the guitarist keeps things mildly interesting , but on this album in particular , the drummer also wo n't shut up and play a straight beat for once . it 's like three guys in their own worlds , and they mash it together and call what they 've done songs . except for the one decent song they did , the only rock song i can think of that is hard , psychedelic , passionate , powerful , and set to a waltz beat of all things . " let me lie to you " is the best song they ever made , because everyone in the band is given room to breathe by the song 's framework and tempo . instead of piling in on top of each other till the end of the song like they usually seem to do , everyone agrees to hold back until the rushing choruses , and it 's less muddled and better orchestrated for it . it 's a shame they did n't do any other songs like this , at least none that i have heard . i tried to like them , i really did . i wanted to find the band that made that one song , and discover a whole treasure chest of dark , passionate , noisy music like that . too bad , no wonder they drifted apart 
books neg 195.txt this collection of poems , tho representing a fine breadth of dickenson 's works , is in final assessment a crime against the poet 's great talent . as is freely admitted in the introduction , the editor , mr. higginson , & quot ; worked on the mechanics of the poems by smoothing out the rhymes and meter , changing the line arrangements , and rewriting the dialect of the local area . &quot ; this is a free admission of the book 's guilt , having adulterated dickenson 's original poems in both content and form . gone are the nuances and passions that make dickenson one of the best american writers . gone are the premeditated dashed and capitalizations that add depth and intensity to the poems ' meanings . and , worst of all , gone or altered are many lines that contribute to the unique vision of the artist . as thomas h . johnson says in the introduction to & quot ; the complete poems of emily dickenson , & quot ; a representative mid-nineteenth century traditionalist was being asked to judge the work of a wholly new order of craftsman . . . which he was not equipped to estimate . &quot ; do yourself a favor and avoid this text . instead , find one that is true to the original poems , one which preserves the intent and stylistic genius of the author , and one which will give you the full and lasting effect of emily dickenson 
music pos 802.txt i 'm not sure about all that other nonsense the reviewer before me is talking about ( sounds like someone with an axe to grind ) but this album is a stunning piece of workmanship . the music is inspired , the melodies transcending , and the emotion - deep and meaningful . as far as " copying yanni " goes , well - i do n't agree , in fact , yanni is far more generic and less inspired . the sound samples the cranky reviewer alludes to are in fact not the same nor , are they yanni 's creation . i write this review to commend mr farish on his work , and to take to task the idiot who misinformed others and could n't resist his own urge to see his " critique " in print . ryans music is distinctly his own , no question - and any similarities are tonal , and not compositional - which the reveiwer would be well advised to take note of . as far as i 'm concerned , you be the judge - and let cranky wannabe music critics continue to wallow in their own self hate as they surf store shelve 's and websites for music to criticize - and well , make themselves feel a little better . personally , i would recommend this album to anyone who likes strong songs with great production and uplifting energy . all the other stuff is for hacks ! enjoy this music ! i do . 
books pos 83.txt wow , wow , wow . get this book ! this has ( just about ) everything you need to be professional . the only thing i did n't like is that most of the resources listed were geared to nyc residents , but there was good direction as to how to locate similar services in your area . i especially liked the opening that deals with how artists are helping to perpetuate their own " starving artist " myth , and the ways to stop that . it made me realize that i am the one standing in the way of my own success ! well , no more- -thanks to caroll- -i am taking all of the steps listed . i wish my graduate school had this information available 
dvd neg 366.txt this is possibly one of the worst films i have ever seen . the writing and acting , as far as i am concerned , are no better than that of a middle school live performance . the only reason i did n't turn it off was that i was hoping something in the movie might help me justify spending $10 to buy it used . that something never came . i would never waste my time on this movie when there are others on this topic that so richly deserve my viewing time investment , such as & quot ; schindler 's list&quot ; & amp ; & quot ; the pianist&quot ; . trust me , pass it up just as fast as you can 
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun . 
health pos 851.txt i use and like most all of the olay lines of products . this one is great because it is not only a sunscreen but a skin treatment as well . i ca n't wait for the one that has a " hint of tan " in it along with the sunscreen to be on the market . i heard about it , but apparently it is not out as of yet . 
camera pos 639.txt this product offers a realy equity between price and quality , and a good results in photos 
dvd pos 147.txt if you liked " raise the red lantern " or " the last emperor " , this is a perfect movie.gong li , who played a concubine fighting with others for her husband 's affection now plays a woman who realizes another man loves her husband . " farewell my concubine " uses chinese opera as a way of telling the story.i used to listen to a lot of chinese opera- -which is an acquired taste.this movie uses the story of a king&his beloved concubine 's self-sacrifice to frame the love story between two men.when one of the men falls in love with and marries a woman , the stage is set for a tragic love triangle.the final scenes are chilling , powerful.this is a spectacle not to be missed 
health neg 345.txt i purchased this prior to surgery thinking it would be great for recovery . however , the " nature sounds " only worked the first time i turned it on . after that , despite changing batteries , etc. , the sounds never came back again . i would n't recommend this purchase 
camera neg 344.txt i purchased this item because of a recommendation from a friend . i will start out by saying that when i first purchased this frame , i loved it . the display , contrast and brightness were great . however , after 5 short months , the display 's pixels started acting funny . they get out of sync and display a solid color rather than the imgage . turning the frame off and back on resolves the issue for about 60 seconds and then it 's back to bad pixels . myself and two of my friends each purchased this frame and are all experiencing the same issue . in conclusion - it would have been a great frame if it had worked long enough to display pictures from all four seasons . 
camera pos 332.txt the digital rebel is the most amazing camera i 've ever owned . my previous camera was a canon a90 and i loved using all the features on it [great camera ! ]. i decided recently that maybe i should graduate to a slr because i was starting to get more creative with my photography . i spent a great deal of time researching cameras and finally decided on the digital rebel . after a few months of owning it i still am amazed . the image quality is fantastic , it 's quick and responsive , and every day using it i learn a little more . it 's the perfect intro slr camera for me because everything makes sense and it 's easy to learn . i 've gotten amazing shots that i could never dream of getting with a point and shoot . if you are finding yourself wanting a little more than a point and shoot , go for this camera , you wont be sorry . 
software pos 61.txt there are complaints about win xp sp2 being too expensive or complaints about technical problems . it is too expensive , but it is the standard at so many companies , big and small , around the world . i just wanted to say that anyone who gives windows xp sp2 a one star rating really does n't understand much about the windows operating system , and therefore you should not take into consideration their uneducated opinion about operating systems in general . the price is a bit high , but windows is what it is.. . a dominant operating system 
music neg 40.txt having listened to steven 's previous albums , greetings from michigan and seven swans countless times , i cannot help but to notice the amount of regurgitation on this album . stevens blatantly rips off his own music . i consider michigan to be sufjan 's masterpiece . do yourself a favor and start there 
music pos 414.txt marias and srayle , if you like the guaraldi original then keep it and chuck the winston , personally , i think the winston performance is refreshing and a delightful ' twist ' on guaraldi 's works . the piano is brillaint sounding and at volume , thru a good system sounds like there 's a piano in the room . it should be emphatically understood , you are buying winston in this case , and not guaraldi . i have both versions 
music pos 6.txt review by mike watson : with the recent slew of victory records releases , not to mention the wide variety ; one can be to say the least skeptical of any of their assortment of new releases . however , picking through all of the less notable releases from the label , the up-and-coming band , the forecast , have stepped to the plate and scored a home run on late night conversations . the forecast are a perfect blend of male and female vocals over a very modern rock soundtrack , executed flawlessly over a ten song full length . late night conversations is an album confronting different topics ranging from relationships to the teen trend of mutilation and loathing . the harmonies arranged by both vocalists are undeniably catching and well written and the music follows closely in suit leaving your head bobbing back and forth to the beat and your feet tapping almost involuntarily . the forecast is not only a great recorded band , but bring the same toe tapping energy to the stage , with both great stage presence and cohesion as a band . the forecast will defiantly be one of the new big bands in poppier rock music , and checking their victory records debut out is a must for fans of the genre . 
dvd pos 247.txt this dvd contains all of the original ben stiller show episodes , plus an extra un-aired episode . the show was not only far ahead of its time , but also timeless as is evidenced by stiller 's subsequent successful movie roles that drew from many of the characters from the tv series . for anyone who was a fan of the tv series or stiller 's movies , this dvd is a must 
books pos 223.txt this book is the equivalent of the proustian madeleine...to read it is to recover a past long lost . making the case for the mordant paradigm shift of us morals , ethics and literary tastes , this is the marker past which one can see the sad decline of the quality of art and life in the modern world . i cannot improve on the highly intelligent and sensitive overview given here by reviewer big orange " paxbear " and so will not review the book in detail . that it is one of only three saroyan volumes still in print makes the case for the obsolesence of the clear heart and clear mind in today 's mindlessly kinetic world . you can read this book in the time it would take you to go see mi 111 in a cineplex . carpe diem . read this instead 
dvd neg 758.txt a french saying goes : " the more things change , the more they stay the same . " it appears that the " historical " epic film of yesteryear is still much like that of today in that " poetic " license is taken to the extreme in passing outright lies and fabrications as truth . one of the things that really turned my stomach watching this is d w griffith 's emphasis at least twice during the film that he did not intend to offend any race but wanted to show historical events and yet goes on to portray outright falsehoods as truth . firstly , we all know that this cameron dude did not start the kkk and that this organisation has its roots in indiana and not south carolina . secondly , the kkk is not the defender of the south and there is no need to " purify " the race as is portrayed here the exact words used by d w is " preserve the aryan race . " modern science , using cutting edge dna research has already proved that we all come from the same african man about 60 , 000 years ago and so any racial distinctions are not only ethically wrong but factually wrong as well . like it or not , we are all related and separated only by about 2000 generations despite our seemingly outward physical differences and have a common ancestor . some of the portrayals of blacks as alcoholics and white women predators with behaviours more akin to monkeys i found extremely revolting and shocking and leaves me completely unsurprised that riots and lynchings quickly followed the screenings of this movie . yes , this movie may have been the first feature length movie that used a number of novel techniques but does this excuse the content ? this is not akin to an einstein discovering relativity folks ; every single " good " thing about this movie would have been " discovered / invented " with or without d w . eventually and very probably very soon after . every one of the techniques used would have eventually been used by any of the later , talented directors of the time . the overall lies , attempts to justify racism and the murderous kkk more than make this film fit for the dust bin than for immortality in movie 's great hall of fame . they say that racists are not born but bred ; this is why i 'm not at all surprised at what d w griffith has done here . his father was considered a " hero " of the confederate army where he served as a colonel . i 'm sure as a bitter loser of the great war , he must have taught his son his belief system and how to be a great racist . this movie has not been preserved all that well with many scenes being either too bright or too dark and the soundtrack is too loud and it 's quite irritating to have to keep hearing mendelssohn 's overtures over and over again . in conclusion , the question this movie raises is does freedom of expression mean it 's okay to make a mockery of history to further a racist directors ' world view ? also , do you buy the fact that just because this is the first movie that 's longer than an hour mean that this should be revered for all time despite its extremely offensive and destructive message ? like i said before none of the " techniques " that this film claims to have " discovered " are earth-shattering discoveries that would have required a genius to uncover anyway . so the bottom line is we have here an extremely racist and hate-inducing film that caused a lot more damage than good ; d w griffith 's legacy / mess 
books neg 229.txt i had to read this book for a political theory class in college . after talking with several other members i was happy to find out that i do not have the reading skills of a third grader...benhabib goes out of her way to use vocabulary words that most educated people are not familiar with . the book is also not organized well . in order to really understand this book you will have to read it while taking notes . points that could be grouped together for arguments are scattered throughout entire chapters and even the whole book . benhabib may have used her vocabulary and lack of organization as tools to hide that the points she makes are not very well argued . throughout much of the book benhabib is trying to shoot down the theories of john rawls and other theorists to support her views on migratory rights . to be honest , i disagree with her views and admit that i might have found her organization and vocabulary more tolerable if i agreed with her . still , i do not have a problem with her making these claims if she did so logically . much of her work is based on telling the reader why other people are wrong and she will use theories she supposedly already disproved in one arguement to justify her later arguments for disagreeing with other theories . in short , i do not think anyone would want to read this book for pleasure , or intellectual curiosity . if you have to read the rights of others for a class , i extend my condolences . 
music pos 269.txt if you are expecting " safari moon pt. 2 " , you will be dissapointed . air took a more adventuourous , darker , ambient , serious , experimental , and ultimtately brilliant journey into electronic music . the songs here range from sounding like aphex twin ( without the weird off-putting effects or heavy drums ) to thievery corp. air still has a beautiful sense of melody and as usual the tunes themselves are beautifully and creatively put together ( even a throwaway air song is a well-crafted one ) . overall , all us true hardcore air fans love this album . those who only loved ms may not like it , but that 's their loss i say 
camera pos 647.txt amazon is selling this at nearly 50% off ! the eyepieces are great for a beginner and the great case has room for more when you add them . the filters are really cool . 
music neg 303.txt this is a pep rally on cd ; an unsingable , emotionally charged pep rally . it really upsets me that this is the face of today 's christian music . the melodies are not easily singable at all , and the songs use all the same musical cliches . this is worship manipulation at it 's best . if you read the words to learn something concrete about god , you will find nothing of substance . they talk about actions to give god and our response to god , but no meat-and-potatoes of why we should be doing this . god is great , but why ? this is very disturbing , and completely unacceptable for congregational worship . 
health pos 631.txt these paper towels are as good as any cheaper paper towels ; they are not cloth-like or super thick , but they are as good as any other paper towels you might find for the same price that are n't made of recycled materials . in short , they are cheap and better for the environment than non-recycled , chlorine-bleached products 
music neg 821.txt i had reviewed the first edition of b'day and i personally called it " business day " because beyonc could not offer what we could expect from her especially after the highly acclaimed dangerously in love . actually , in my opinion if ne-yo had not inserted irreplaceable " in this project , it could have been a bust . i agree dj -vu and beautiful liar were hits but i give the credit to the casting rather than the script . had these songs been given to india arie , god knows what was gonna happen ! how can she accept to put out such a poor album ? some said beyonc views releasing albums in quick succession as a means of ejecting herself from her contractual obligations to sony columbia and team up with jay-z to form a new record label.. . but this cannot justify such an inconsistent and poor album . ne-yo confessed that the r&b genre is suffering from serious malaise . " people just forgot what it was supposed to be , what it was supposed to feel like , the essence of what it is , " he says forcefully . " it 's a vibe , it 's a feeling - - it 's supposed to make you feel something , as opposed to , ` let me go eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh-eeh and put a beat behind it and see if people will dance to it . ' come on man . there 's more to it than that.. . " ring the alarm from b'day falls in the same category . i read a reviewer who proclaimed b'day to be the best he 's ever had and this is like saying george bush is the best president america has ever had.. . does this person know the beatles , stevie wonder or aretha franklin ? i suggest him to go back to the stores and get one of their albums and he will then be able to differentiate between music and marketing . i suggest the same reviewer to get albums called what 's going on ' ( marvin gaye ) , purple rain ( prince ) , the day ( babyface ) , or even the recent let 's get lifted ( john legend ) . it is very sad to see artists ( especially hip-hop ) concentrating on making hits , shooting sexy videos with the major target being going platinum and most of the time i find it better to buy the single and not the entire album since they all are full of fillers . what follows is that after a few months we completely trash their records . africa is the world 's second-largest and second most-populous continent with 900 million people . maybe if the same guys had a purchasing power which exceeds latino market , beyonc would be realising another edition in swahili which is the most widely spoken language in africa and she would be arguing she 's had a great love for african culture ever since she was a child pretending she 's coming back to the roots . anyway , let 's not be fooled by these music industry games , their aim is to make money and this entails ignoring the basic artistic aspects . i agree bootylicious beyonce is the hottest lady in the music scene at the moment and none has denied her natural talent as a singer but she needs to refine her albums and give us s.th that can reach our soul . there are some female artists who are making good music without injecting too much cash in marketing to force sales : corrine bailey rae and heather headley 
software pos 994.txt frontpage 2003 is a great , easy-to-use wysiwyg web builder . most hosting companies support frontpage extensions , a set of web robots to help you build a dynamic site , similar to dhtml . two warnings , though : 1 ) this full version is too expensive ; you may qualify to buy the half-priced academic version ( search for " frontpage 2003 academic " on amazon ) ; 2 ) more important , though , frontpage is being discontinued as a product altogether and will be replaced by office sharepoint designer ( for businesses ) and expression web ( for everyone else ) . you can download the latter for free ( for now , at least ) on msft 's website 
camera neg 291.txt i bought the converter since i wanted to use it for landscape photography . i took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . if you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them 
music neg 727.txt we read all the previous reviews and thought this disc would be a keeper . we ( my husband , three kids 14 , 10 , and 5 ) tried it on a warm , spring evening in the car . one or two songs , like the banana splits , speed racer , and scooby-doo were fun . most however , were harsh , and too fast for the parents and youngest guy . i would rather try these songs in their original state and skip the covers 
software pos 637.txt excellent program . i love the improvement in outloo 
camera pos 142.txt this was one of the first lenses that i purchased with my rebel xt . now after taking several thousand pictures with it i can honestly say it was well worth the cost . i very rarely have any unsharp pictures with this lens unless it is my own fault by trying to use too slow of a shutter speed without a tripod . i also have the 180mm f / 3.5l macro lens , which costs about 3 times more than this lens , and although it is very clear and the extra reach is nice at times especially since it can be used with both the 1.4x and 2x tc 's , it is very difficult to use inside without a tripod . the 60mm can be handheld if needed with very good results even if you have to bump your iso up a little to do so . i have also used this lens for both inside and outside portrait work with very nice results . all-in-all , given it 's small size and light weight i very rarely leave this lens behind when i go out because you never know when you might see a great macro shot 
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory 
books neg 794.txt many of the columns were interesting . . . painting a picture of a vast right-ring conspiracy that hillary clinton first brought to the public discourse . but it seems that most of these pieces are obsolete , without any interest either as themselves or as a theme . does anyone care about texas state politics in 1989 , or phil gramm 's problems as a senator or as a presidential candidate ? someone should have gone through this and culled out what was obsolete .. except that that would probably have left less material than would make up a book . just going through a bunch of previously written columns and passing them off as a book may be a cheap and easy way to publish something but it is an inadequate read 
software neg 832.txt i guess i 'm spoiled by the i spy games i 've purchased for my children . this game has an enormous amount of " story " ...it 's almost as bad as sitting your child in front of the television . interaction is confusing and frustrating . i 'd rate this lower but it 's clear that a lot of work went into the animation , which is top notch . i just would n't classify this as a learning game . 
camera pos 593.txt i had to decide between this camera and a panasonic . we trust the sony brand a little more , so we went with the sony . we were looking for an easy-to-use camera that we could just pick up and record our daughter...nothing professional but good enough quality to enjoy years later . i also wanted a camera that could take still photos so we would n't need both a digital camera and a camcorder when we take vacations . here 's what i think so far : great camcorder to do exactly what we want - - picture looks great inside and out , very easy to use , and small enough to carry along almost anywhere . still photos are not fantastic ( only 3mp ) , but good enough for me . color and resolution are acceptable . not easy to understand the lcd touch menus , but you can configure the buttons once you figure out which buttons you will use the most . i got the bare minimums for accessories...bought a 1gb memory card ( memory stick duo pro ) ...glad i did this since i will be taking stills and short video clips to email to the grandparents . also got a carrying case , dv tapes , and an extra np-fp71 battery . i 'll be purchasing a firewire cable soon ( i 'm sure you 've heard , the usb cable is inadequate for downloading video ) . handycam station does n't really bother me that much , but i can see what the fuss is about . all things considered , i 'm extremely happy with my purchase . i think this is a perfect camera for a first-time camcorder buyer who needs an easy button ( there 's one on the side of the camera ) . a little more expensive than some of the others , but the price is dropping . best of luck ! 
software neg 518.txt i have been a fan of spyware doctore for some time . spyware doctor 4.0 was an excellent product . it did it job pretty good without taking up any significant resource . but unfortunately it seems that pctools have not yet got their act together for version 5.0. the first version i received as an upgrade was version 5.0 build 172. problems started as soon as my machine rebooted . the spyware doctor service for apparently no reasons hogged the system resource to an extent 95-97%. killing that does not matter because the application restarts after 15 sec , and also that it seems to be the heart of the application . after reboot the update started running and bam came the blue screen of death . so after a series of reboots and crashes i installed the version 5 build 176. but that too did not work , hence finally i reverted back to version 4.0 and eveythig works perfectly.please stay away from version 5.0 till pctools get their act together . as a reference do go through the review of cnet for this product [...] 
camera neg 860.txt i was very happy with the previous model dsc-n1 , which took very nice pictures just with pointing and shooting . but this one , while i only had chance to use it indoors and outdoor in raining weather , it really disappointed me . the pictures are always blured due to too much exposure , i used auto flash , for which the camera should takes nice pictures as it is a point and shoot camera and it is 10.1mp ! i 'm going to try more when the weather gets better but most possible i will return it , i just ca n't accept the quality of the indoor pictures it takes . i doubt i was unlucky and got a bad one , i ca n't believe a 10.1mp sony camera takes so poor pictures . and after reading the previous review about the terrible sony custmer servce , i decide i will avoid sony customer service , and the camera will just be returned . note : found the review by cecelia choy " cece " on march 13 , 2007 mentioned the same problem i had . i did n't have this problem with my previous model dsc-n1. april 17 , 2006 : i bought a new one and it takes nice pictures now ! suggestion for those having the same problem i had before - - exchange for another one ! ! 
books pos 653.txt fantastic pop up book ! easy to keep the preschool children 's attention when telling this story 
health pos 644.txt the razor and trimmer are both easy to use and give a nice clean shave . i am very happy with this item 
music pos 79.txt i got what i wanted in the time frame promised...the way it 's supposed to work 
books pos 10.txt zadie smith is one of the most powerful authors i have read in recent times . she is so subtle about the race factor that we do n't get to find out the races of the protagonists till the first 50 pages or so . she has also captured the emotions of kiki and zora perfectly ( why is it that women always stand out in emotional moments ! ) and the characters stay with you even after you put the book down . if you enjoyed the movie " crash " , you will love this one 
camera neg 112.txt the documentation is terrible . its going to take a lot of practice . if you 're just going to stick it on top your camera its fine . however i want to use it off-camera to trigger 2 x sb600s . just setting the d200 to fire a pre-flash that will trigger the sb800 / masster & sb600s it 's a nightmare and its not covered in any detail , in the manual . the sb800 is designed for this purpose . so why not include information on how to do this ? 
books pos 406.txt this unforgettable story illustrates the crazy , life-changing adventure of a seventeen-year-old boy who struggles to let go of his fading childhood and accept the phoniness of the adult world . holden caulfield 's loneliness and lack of motivation combined with a traumatic childhood cause him to leave behind his youthful days at pencey prep to venture into the dynamic adult world of new york city . holden tries to hide his youthful innocence as he mirrors the habits of other adults , going to bars , drinking , and purchasing prostitutes . however , his bickering and sarcastic attitude suggest a hidden desire to stay young , a desire he stubbornly buries beneath his new , mature lifestyle . holden , like many others , longs to live in a place that is simple and motionless , a place where one need n't worry about the past or the future . holden also hopes to preserve the innocence in others , such as his sister , so they do n't turn out like him , depressed and regretful . through salinger 's vibrant attitude towards holden 's experience in new york , we readers learn to stop running from our past to prevent losing our youth altogether . the catcher in the rye has survived generations as one of the world 's best bildungsromans , not because it illustrates the fading youth and growing maturity of a memorable character , but because it demonstrates the confusion of a character as he fights desperately to protect what remains of his childhood 
software neg 498.txt i 've had dazzle products in the past . usually a very good product , this dvd recorder is just not very reliable . i would recommmend spending a little more and getting one of the higher end dazzle products 
dvd neg 224.txt i rented this movie for about six dollars and i have to say even that was a waste of money . i thought this movie was incredibly over acted , boring and hard on the eyes . the thing that annoyed me the most was the monologues that each of the main characters did . they were exaggerated and reminded me of the kind of acting you would find in a infomercial . for the superficial people out there i would n't watch this movie hoping for eye candy because you wo n't get it . when i found out that the two women starring actually wrote and directed the film it finally made sense why the acting was so horrible . i have no idea why this movie has any stars at all it was horrible and that would be considered a compliment 
books neg 273.txt i 'll put my opinion first , so there wo n't be any doubt in your mind . i do n't believe that you can write useful books about national character . is there really such a thing as & quot ; national character&quot ; ? people are just too different , too unpredictable . how well can you predict the behavior of the people closest to you ? how well can you predict what people in your own country will do ? would every italian , if they could write well , have written the same book as mr. barzini ? i seriously doubt it . so what we have in the italians is one man 's views on the conglomerate nature of 50 million italians . after reading it , i felt even more strongly that such books , though possibly entertaining , are a waste of time . an informative book about unicorns- -but do they exist ? anthropologists have been concerned , for many years , in getting the & quot ; inside view&quot ; - -the view of a culture as seen by the person within it . while barzini is indisputable italian , he tries to visualize italians as seen by foreign visitors , then explain to those of us not lucky enough to travel there , why they are as visitors see them , or why they are not as foreigners may think . this is not a successful gambit . cultures are based on many general factors- -like history , socio-economic patterns , religion , family , etc.- --but the specific results are just that , specific . barzini covers many topics- -the importance of spectacle and giving an illusion of something rather than actually having that quality ; the family vs. the state ; italian modes of achieving success ; the north-south split ; sicily and the mafia ; and last , the tragedy of italy 's long domination by foreigners . but nothing really connects . there are only superficial , scattered impressions , nothing very concrete to grasp . the reader is left with a handful of stereotypes . barzini is at his best when describing the lives and modus operandi of particular characters in italian history . these sections were well-written and interesting . but his portrayal of italian & quot ; character&quot ; is fuzzy , contradictory , and ultimately , unconvincing . finally , if you are a lover of lists , you will thrill to this book , because there is a list on nearly every single page . myself , i got pretty tired of those lists . if you want to know something useful about italy , read another book . if you just want entertainment , which might support any stereotypes you have about italians , then this book could be for you 
health pos 715.txt you wo n't have to use much lotion on your body after using this product . i love it... . 
software neg 898.txt i got the hang on the 21% and all they could tell me at tech support is to shut down extra services . well the only services i had running was the security services ( firewall and antivirus ) . as an experiment i tried loading it on two computers set up identically . on one i shut down the antivirus and on the other i shut down the firewall . neither would install . so i shut down both on both computers and it installed perfectly on both . i cant believe that they want you to shut down security in order to install . makes me wonder. . " what are they hiding that they dont want me to know about " . i checked adaware and a registry cleaner and even ran my av again and found nothing but still.. . it makes you wonder . also the layout is very poor , so buggy they have many , many patches and updates . will not print forms correctly and want to charge you fees to e-file when it is free from the governments . they just want more money . in my opinion...do not waste your money on this crap . by the time you waste your money on getting this to work , you can get a professional to do it for you for less 
music neg 925.txt method : take a monster , genre defining album you recorded over 15 years ago , borrow the voicings , polyrhythms and sound effects , rearrange them to slightly ( but not *that* ) different tunes , crib the album art ( cheesy then ; cheesier now ) and re-release . the point ? well , to the man , it 's obvious . there 's one born every minute . but for genuine , discerning afficionados of electronica ? search me . like a good souffle , it was better the first time . indeed , inventing oxygene parts 7 - 13 is almost as pointless an exercise as going back and re-recording the original album from scratch . and guess what turned out to be jarre 's next project ? whoops ! writer 's block , perchance ? olly buxto 
dvd neg 469.txt this sequel to a horror classic started out ok , but by the middle , none of it mattered anymore , i even got a bit tired of the well done gore effects because i had to sit through scenes of a severed [...] and rat duking it out ! the original " reanimator " is a great flick to see if you want excellent and original gore effects as well as a creepy storyline , but this sequel just stinks 
health neg 156.txt these glasses arrived yesterday and are the cheapest , poorly made , and most awkward glasses i have ever tried on . they are uncomfortable and look and feel as if they were purchased in the 10 cent bin at the local dollar store . pure garbage . do n't waste your money . [...] i ca n't imagine that any consumer would think of these in a positive manner . 
dvd pos 827.txt i bought this dvd collection to use in a presentation i made for a graduate school class to complement a book review of murrow . this collection is facinating for people who love murrow and those who 've never seen his work . i will use this collection in future presentations that i 'll make to my students as a professor . every person in broadcasting should buy this collection and watch it to get a great look at the man who innovated our business 
camera neg 358.txt broke the day after i got it . but when it worked i loved it 
software neg 261.txt i just installed autoroute 2007. there is a feature in autoroute where you can display various places of interest on the map . in this version , for some installations you can not hide restaurants . this has been reported on the microsoft uk autoroute community website . i loaded the program on a second computer with the same result . both systems run window xp pro . this means for certain cities , like paris , at certain magnifications , the map is completely cluttered with small green squares which indicate the location of a restaurant . microsoft only indicates that they will enter this bug into the work request for the next version of autoroute . they also say earlier versions were not affected . you may want to buy 2007 but check out your ability to show / hide all of the items of interest right away and be prepared to be dissappointed . i am going to try finding autoroute 2006 for sale 
music pos 783.txt i had this album for many years when i was younger . i had looked for along time to try and find it on cd with no luck . i finally found it on amazon . this is my favorite christmas album , i even have my teenage daughter hooked on it now . the caroling medely is awesome and my daugher loves the pinecones and hollyberries song . no one should be without this cd in their christmas collection . 
music neg 839.txt ...and im happy about it ! i think i might cry if'n it shows up again . fareals . if albums where 3 dimensional this wouldn e'en make the c-side ! i love me some roy , but bruh hurt me with this one . i forgive him tho , cause he done gave me much much pleasure up til now.. . ...um , hope that came out right . *pimp struts off stage / pounds chest with gorilla fist / machismo free flowing* m'out yall , peace ! 
health neg 644.txt this product is a piece of garbage.when it works , it does what it is suppose to do . however , it worked for the first two weeks and then totally died on me.do not buy this product 
dvd neg 476.txt i was trying to watch it , but can not open de dvd because it is the wrong country code ? ? ? ? 
health pos 345.txt i bought one of these to squeege the water out of my past-shoulder-length hair . it works great ! i gotta admit , it 's just big enough for my head and i have a teeny little cranium so normal adults would probably prefer to buy the " extra large " size towel ( which is n't really all that large . 
music neg 999.txt will not run on my computer.. . love the content however i keep my music on my hard drive and was looking forward to working out with this album on my mp3. i will be demanding a refund ! do not buy if you have a mp3 supported car stereo , if you plan on playing at your computer. . it will not work due to ill conceived piracy protection ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
health neg 886.txt i bought the goggles and was excited by the look . they are kind of " riddick " like . they had disappoiinting performance when i rode my jet ski at 65 mph and they flew off my face . they did float and so i found them and tried it a second time and same thing happened . i gave them to my daughter and she will try to wear them skiing . they definately are not for extreme sports . they are also too big for casual use as sun glasses . 
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras 
health pos 893.txt we have it hanging in a closet and it has been working great ! when it changes color all i do is plug it in for about 10-12 hours and then hang it back up again ! we are very satisfied 
dvd neg 273.txt do not buy ! ! ! great movie bad studio ! ! it has been announced that new line is replacing peter jackson as the director of the hobbit . the only way to stop this injustice is to hit them were it hurts the wallet . do not buy or see anything new line till the hobbit is returned to its rightful director ! ! ! 
books pos 396.txt i do n't think customer lee kane is quite right when he says that tag gallagher 's labour-of-love book is mainly about the films . gallagher 's writing is spare and lean but he gives at least as much biography as the purely biographical books 
dvd neg 903.txt this is a perfect example of what bill hicks used to rant about . mediocre hacks live forever and pollute the earth with their existence while brilliant geniuses die way too early.....rip bill ! i 'm afraid you were right.......you died at 33 and andrew is still here ! get me off this planet now 
dvd pos 745.txt good actors , great story.. . some good action too.. . this is great movie to help put together the bits and pieces of the stories you 've heard about wild bill hickok , calamity jane , and more . it all may be true history , it may be fictional , it may just be myths mixed with fact , but whatever the case , there 's more truth than not in this version of the 1870 ' 
music neg 872.txt i should have reviewed this along with fm . both were double record hit soundtracks . both represented youth . both are excellent time capsules of what radio was playing . one was a bad movie with a great soundtrack and the other was a classic movie with a terrible soundtrack . this is the terrible soundtrack . when the best songs are by billy squier and sammy hagar you know you 're in trouble . jackson browne , joe walsh , don henley are each awful . so were the go-go's . not surprisingly don felder and jimmy buffet both sucked . i almost fell asleep in route 128 traffic when graham nash played . the band that called themselves poco ca n't be the same poco i grew up with . there were some listenable tracks by timothy b . schmit , louise goffin and stevie nicks but then there 's quarterflash . however , amongst all this crap was a gem...the very last song is goodbye goodbye by oingo boingo . this song rocks and danny elfman sounds crazed . unavailable anywhere else which saves this from the trash 
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must . 
health pos 703.txt first of all i am in my early 20 's so i have n't much experience in night creams . i just more recently took an interest in moisturizers and eye creams after i decided to quit tanning and rather preserve my youthfulness . i use " moisture therapy cream " by olay in the morning before i put on my makeup , and then i use this at night . my skin always feels so soft , more soft than i think it ever did . i ca n't give any testaments on its firming or anti-wrinkle ability , but i can say it does make my skin glow and my complexion look healthier . the scent is great and it is a great smell to fall asleep to . i would recommend this product to anyone of any age . it has a good price compared to everything else on the market and i believe it is best to start moisturizing when you are young rather than waiting until the signs of aging have already begun . prevention is key 
camera pos 246.txt not knowing fully what i was getting into , on a whim i purchased this monopod hoping that is was a half-way decent product , i mean-it was so cheap . i was pleasantly surprised to find how sturdy the unit was and that what i had was a very high quality monopod . this was my second monopod and so i had another to compare it with ( the other was bought on an auction website ) . in comparison the opteka was a far better monopod in height and robust thickness and i use it exclusively on my minidv shoots 
camera neg 59.txt i bought this lens and was pretty excited about it , but i 've been disappointed . previous to this i bought the 50mm 1.8 for $70 and that lens completely puts this one to shame . i need a wider angle lens and went for this one , but all too often found myself quite disappointed with the results . edges of subjects were all messy and just looked terrible , even at higher f stops . i shoot with a 20d . the usm is awesome though and will for sure be an option in whatever lens i choose to buy in place of this one . the focal range of 28-105 was also very nice , but to me the picture quality was not so good 
books pos 100.txt greg and tim know what they are talking about and glad to add this book to my collection ! walt disney records deserved a treatment like this and it would make a great gift for the holidays ! a+++++++++++++++++ 
camera pos 58.txt very good rechargable battery pack.holds charge for a long time even if camera is not used much . capable of taking many shots with plenty of review time . very pleased with it 
software neg 4.txt they have the hebrew backwards ! ! you are supposed to read hebrew right to left-the opposite of english and this cd has it left to right . i find it extremely confusing . i know how to read hebrew and i wanted to learn how to speak it . what a poor effort ! 
books pos 635.txt i read this book on vacation . many years ago i read & quot ; in the shoes of the fisherman&quot ; and & quot ; the clowns of god . &quot ; i enjoyed both of these books but not enought to search out and read the third book in the trilogy . what a mistake ! this book contains the politics of power , the behind the scenes strugles and the fears and doubts as well as the faith and triumphs of the servants of the vatican , as well as the italian and international scene . the relationships both formed , forming and parting kept me glued to the book . the pace was fast and enthralling . do not miss this book . the end was somewhat predictable , but never-the-less still shocking 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
camera neg 720.txt we returned this video camera due to video picture quality . the camera requires a lot of light to have a decent video , even after changing settings , the video had a " grainy " look . we just needed something basic to replace our 10 year old video camera and thought this would work , but the picture was worse than our previous camera . purchased the pv-gs65 , next model up with 3ccd 's and love this model . as a matter a fact we still had the gs-31 , used the same tape , shot the same footage , and reviewing the two different shots , the gs-65 did 100% better . the camera has a great feel in your hand , although the menu button can be difficult to press 
dvd neg 503.txt even though i am not a streisand fan , i was astonished at just how dopey and annoying this movie was . the plot is supposed to revolve around a big change in appearance for streisand 's character , making her attractive - no , irresistible - to the main male character . the problem is , she looks almost exactly the same before and after the makeover ! somebody ( probably streisand ) thinks that highlighted hair , a tight black cocktail dress , and a baggy-lipped smirk are irresistible whereas a pink bridesmaid dress , casual clothes , and everyday looks are disgusting . baaaaaamp ! ( that 's the fallacy alarm going off : men , in my experience , do n't care much about clothes and makeup . ) there was a lot of emphasis placed on the streisand character 's losing weight by riding an exercise bike , but she looked exactly the same afterward - no detectable weight difference ! yet truly , the low point of the movie is the scene in which streisand , discussing her baby and early-childhood photos with her mother ( played by lauren bacall ) , blubbers , " wazz i a pretty baby ? wazz i a pretty babyyyyeeee ? " in that one scene , streisand 's neuroticism concerning her looks is fully revealed . the whole movie is about this issue , and it 's amazing that an entire cast , crew , and production company would devote themselves to b.s. 's emotional issues like that . i really think that the " funny girl " phenomenon somehow ruined streisand 's thought processes . the media buzz about her at the time was that she was kind of cute despite being light-years away from the stereotyped , northern european beauty standard of the time ( think grace kelly ; think ingrid bergman.... . ) . i recall reading about how her glowing complexion , thick hair , and good figure ( as well as her energy and voice ) carried her through despite her looks : long nose , large lips , slanted eyes . myself , i think she looks like an egyptian princess or similar ; but she certainly does n't look like grace kelly.... . so why ca n't she accept this ? the majority of us women , whatever our race , color , or bone-structure , learn to live with and love who we are.....at least i hope we do ! this movie is not about that . this movie says that you have to have a certain dress and hairdo to be desirable . maybe i should 've given it only one star 
books neg 54.txt john updike 's literary criticism is perceptive and sparely written - every one of his non-fiction collections is worth reading . but his novels have , from the very first , been precious , over-written and stifling in their desperate need for approbation . when he writes fiction , he 's like a dog doing tricks for reward . and certainly , the rewards have come . but for readers outside the us at least , it 's all a little mystifying . john cheever was a far better writer , yet his work seems somehow to be regarded by americans as the lesser canon . time will correct this mistake , no doubt , but in the meantime updike pours out ever more cloying and over-heated work like this . if i still have your attention , let me recommend the ' collected stories ' of john cheever . updike could only dream of writing prose like that . 
software pos 968.txt i have been using omnipage for several years at my law office and found that the ocr with this version is impeccable . i frequently scan and ocr newspaper and magazine articles . they are multi-column and the magazine articles typically have graphics and tables or charts . when i convert them into word documents i seldom get any formating errors . in fact , because the ocr is so good i have set up a batch process to run at night to ocr all the day 's work so my computer resoiurces are n't being taxed when i am in the office working . way to go nuance 
dvd neg 119.txt this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie 
software neg 280.txt systemworks continues to grow , taking ore hard drive space and messing with more stuff on your computer , and i 'm likely to buy an alternative next time i update . note it stops working entirely if you install upgrades to your computer - a new hard drive , motherboard , or processor and symantec requires you to spend a fortune on another copy . i like the basic functions , but there 's too much baggage to recommend this product anymore 
software pos 669.txt i like the features the same as i did with cool edit 2000. i have n't had the opportunty to explore all the new features , but it looks promising.. . 
dvd pos 46.txt i enjoy all three of the the jurassic park movies , though i think & quot ; the lost world&quot ; is a bit weak . while i think that anyone who enjoys action movies , monster movies , or horror movies should own all three , i find it difficult to recommend this set because there is a set that contains not only the three movies , but a fourth dvd containing substantial background information on the making of the movies . i give this collection four stars only because the larger , more comprehensive collection is available and if you liked the first two , you will definitely like the third movie 
software pos 117.txt my experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . i ordered this program a little over a month ago . when i first received it from amazon , i was amazed at the shear size of the program . it has a huge 1 , 300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . it also comes with 34 cds that are loaded with images . this software is truly the largest set of art i have ever seen ! dealing with nova development is as easy to use as their software ! when i first opened the box i was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so i called tech support . i may have waited a whole 20 seconds before i began speaking with a technician . they walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . they were professional and courteous . this software gets an a+ in my book ! . 
camera pos 716.txt i 've had a ton of these , and i take them on camping trips with kids where the main activity is playing in big mud fields . i 've had them in my pocket while rolling around in the mud , taken it out , shot a few pics , put it back in the pocket with no problem . ( see pictures for examples of " mud photos " ) a couple of times i 've had them stand up to so much moisture and abuse that the cardboard falls off , but still had beautiful pictures every time , no jams or over-exposures . i 've found the two pack at walmart on sale for $8.99 a couple of times , and you absolutely cannot be that deal . this is my favorite disposable camera , and i 've tried them all . 
music pos 688.txt watching the melvins evolve was extremely interesting and entertaining . they began as an unassuming punk band , and proceded to incorporate the heaviness of 70 's rock into their sound . then they stripped away any and all of the " punk " trappings and went for pure heavy . it all culminated with this record . it just does n't get any heavier than ' roman bird dog / hung bunny' . ' with teeth ' , rumored to actually be written by joe preston , is one of my all time favorite melvins songs . speaking of joe preston , he was the by far best of the melvins ' 7000+ bassists they had over the years . shame they got rid of him shortly after this album . as soon as they fired him , they went straight down the greased pole to mediocrity hell . bad karma . thank god that rock bands record their music so that it is n't lost forever every time they make stupid decisions . the only song on this record which i do n't like is the cover of alice cooper 's ' the ballad of dwight fry' . thankfully they made up for it with a cover of flipper 's ' sacrifice' . some of the melvins ' subsequent records have their moments ( stoner witch 's ' shevil ' , stag 's ' cotton mouth ' ) , but for the most part it seems to me that the melvins gave up the ghost after recording this . maybe someday they 'll make a comeback 
health neg 564.txt i read the directions and followed them to a t . the pain was just too intense ( on my gums - they started to bleed ! ) . i tried to adjust the " trays " every which way , but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums . after all the time , trouble and pain , i did n't see any improvement in whiteness . i have used the older crest whitestrips , and liked them much better . 
books neg 851.txt i love peterson 's guides , but the birds of mexico is severely lacking . the art certainly holds up to the standard set by the guides to north america , but unfortunately , it can only be considered complete if you tag along two other peterson guides . perhaps a good addition if you wish to complete your collection of peterson guides , but otherwise , buy howell 's or edward 's guides , both of which far outshine this guide when considered alone . howell 's is certainly the most complete , but edward 's guide is a bit handier in the field 
books neg 954.txt blind items has the same writing style as at least one of rettenmund 's other books ( boy culture ) . he goes on for pages and pages to describe something that could have been said in two paragraphs . kind of reminds me of the articles you read in the sunday magazine section of your newspaper . if you like this writing style , rettenmund 's books may be for you . personally it drove me crazy and i set the book down after the first few chapters 
music pos 695.txt i thought this album was good not great , but saying that i do recomend it to everyone because it does have some great songs it . the best songs on the cd to are . 2. comfortable liar 3. send the pain below 4. closure 5. the red 6. wonder what 's next and my favorite track is #2 it sounded so sweet , you will love that song 
dvd neg 299.txt musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either . rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any " doll " , " dame " or " mouse ? " , would fall for either of these gals . anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie 
camera pos 101.txt i switched from the digital rebel xt . since i already had l-glass lenses , i did n't run into problems with the 5d " exposing " cheaper lenses . the 17-40mm really shines on the full sensor ! the burst rate is simply astonishing . missing flash does n't bother me , heck it 's a $3000 camera , i do n't expect a built-in flash . i have the speedlite 580ex , which of course is wonderful in itself . i also have the battery grip which i recommend , as well as the rs-80n3 cable release . image quality is superb overall - the 5d really shines in high iso numbers - more so than even the 1d from what i 've read . even at 1600 there 's hardly any noise . it allows you to take great , crisp photos in low light where other cameras would require a flash . the camera also is quite light while being very sturdy at the same time . the 3 fps might bother some , but i prefer the incredible burst numbers . 
books pos 416.txt private investigator kinsey millhone is back again in this fourth installment of sue grafton 's alphabet series . this time she is offered a fee to give a $25 , 000 cashier 's check to a young man named tony gahan . the check for the fee bounces and kinsey is now looking for the man who gave it to her , plus the young man she is to give the cashier 's check to . everything she finds out about her client is bad . he is a drunk , who has killed several people in a car wreck , and appears to be a bigamist . when he is found dead , kinsey has plenty of suspects including survivors of the dead motorists and two angry wives . this book is written in grafton 's usual breezy style , and kinsey becomes more independent and more likeable with each book . i would recommend the whole series to mystery-lovers 
software neg 198.txt i am extremelly disappointed with roxio , the makers of cd creators ; especailly easy cd creator 5. i purchased easy cd creator 5 , sometime back from an affiliate of amazon.com . it was dispatched promptly and in very good condition . i installed it on my computer running windows 98. after some initial problmes it was running fine . a few days back i installed windows xp professional on my computer , and i got a message that the cd creator was not compatible with this version of windows . it hinted to contact roxio . i tried contact roxio with the help of the link , but found it impossible to send them my message . they have an automated " roxann " that is so difficult to understand . next they invite you to a " webticket " and you are supposed to mention your problem on it . but when you submit your query or complain , nothing happens . the site just stares at you dumbly ! ! there is no way to obtain roxio 's mailing address either . so now i am stuck with this " easy cd creator 5 " with no help from roxio ? 
music neg 526.txt who in the world called this ' 'hard rock' ' ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ? this is a bunch of self-pitying , mainstream jibberish..nothing interesting at all . i shall dub this as ' 'alternative whine'' . 
books neg 790.txt i tend to like just about anything that brubaker writes . while i 'm not as excited about his marvel work as most others are , i have enjoyed his runs on captain america and daredevil . his work outside of marvel has been great ; sleeper is one of my favorite series over the last few years . in general , brubaker had not written anything that i genuinely disliked . then came ' deadly genesis' . in short , this is a weak story with several plot holes which makes a mockery of a franchise that already has a history of reworking established continuity to poor results . to what end ? another summers brother who is completely disinteresting , another story in which professor x acts like a jerk , a dead x-men ( for absolutely no good reason ) , and some horrible reworking of existing long running history to cram it all in which now require secrets to have been kept by several key characters for the last 30 years . i want to think that this story was driven by editorial mandate . unfortunately , this is the second instance in which brubaker has went back and altered marvel history from long ago . in captain america , he made it so that bucky never really died in world war ii . this initially rubbed me the wrong way , but the story itself was done well , and the surrounding plots were good , so i begrudgingly went along for the ride . i was still able to enjoy his entire run on the book . his attempt to revise history does n't work nearly as well here . the key difference is that bucky had been considered dead for so long that there was very little continuity to adjust . he had n't been written into any stories during all that time , so it was very easy to go and insert an alternate history for him . in ' deadly genesis ' , brubaker inserts events into key storylines from 30 years ago . in order for them to work , the reader needs to believe that several key characters has kept these events a secret from that time forward . it just does n't work . to make matters worse , none of the characters ' motivation for anything makes any sense at all . characters are keeping secrets , and other characters are upset with that , and through the whole you never understand why . it 's as if brubaker had an end goal in mind , and simply crammed in any plot device necessary to get from point a to point b - even if it required characters to act contrary to their nature or the story did n't make complete sense . that aside , another difference between the two is simply that this series is not written as well as captain america . they overall plot does n't make complete sense and the characters are presented fairly shallowly . reading it was more of a chore than an act of enjoyment . the interior art is nice , though not great . unfortunately , the book falls so short on story alone that the art warrants almost no consideration 
camera neg 251.txt with this pup it is simple to record video or images and almost impossible to download them successfully ! in standard mode , the playback of video is anything but smooth . looks like an old time movie . the software could best be described as , " user hostile " . i have n't been able to download any videos without getting an error message before the transfer is complete . the normal video is n't as good as my dv camcorders and downright sad indoors . the photo portion is slightly better than my cell phone ( a pocket pc ) . still pictures have n't downloaded successfully either ( approximately 11 out of 185 have made it across the wire before error messages start interrupting the transfer ) . it 's a handy size and easy to operate . after you 're done recording you 'll likely spend a lot of time with the manual ( i have ) and then you start getting frustrated . if i could return it , i would 
music pos 869.txt this is an amazing cd - i cannot believe that more people have not discovered charlie sexton . the songs are personal and beautifully written . the music rocks , and yet it 's different than any of sexton 's other music . he is a brilliant artist and this is a brilliant wor 
camera neg 970.txt i bought the 2700 easy share camera and printer dock . money thrown away ! ! the camera does n't take quality pictures in my opinion and the printer was junk , also in my opinion . it truly is junk now as i got so frustrated with it , i threw it on the floor and smashed it . not kidding ! when i first got it , i called kodak and they told my son ( who is knowledgeable in this stuff ) how to reset the printer . we reset it and it worked for awhile . then it would n't work any more and i did away with it . no more kodak for me and my son bought a different brand after he saw how mine worked 
health neg 405.txt i have cracked heals and a bit of a callous problem . they are n't dragon feet , but they do have to be softened pretty often . i have used the little blade scraper tool for a few years and that works well but when i saw the artemis heel smoother advertised , i decided i had to try it . it 's a waste of money . the appliance is no more than a low-tech dreml . in fact , i have a dreml type tool that was marketed as a dog nail trimmer that works better . the artemis appliance does not scrape any dried skin away..it merely sands your foot a bit..that is when you can get the darn thing to stay on the spot you put it on . it comes with a small container of foot conditioning balm that is probably just straight cocoa butter except it has a really offensive aroma . i would just as soon use a piece of sand paper than this thing . save your money . 
software neg 40.txt the program works fine on windows xp and is easy to use . it lets you print cards of many sizes . the big disappointment is in the number of cards that comes with the program . the back of the box claims & quot ; 4500+ cards and sentiments , celebrate life 's special moments with cards for all occasions&quot ; . that 's nice . the problem with that is that i counted the total number of cards that come with the program . it only adds up to 1045 ! so where are the other 3450+ cards and sentiments ? are you supposed to design them yourself ? i just do n't know . and certainly & quot ; cards for all occasions&quot ; means just that , does n't it ? well there 's lots of birthday cards and plenty of holiday cards but not one sympathy card of any kind . i guess you just need to buy those on your own 
camera pos 37.txt i have had my canon eos 30d for about a week and after 500 shutter actuations i am completely addicted to photography . i bought the 17-85mm canon lens and it takes phenomenal pics especially using the software and post-processing in raw . i also have a 70-300mm lens for sports / outdoors / nature and bursts of 5fps are a beautiful sound . i bought the camera through dell and with rebates currently this is the best deal out there ! strongly recommend . pay the extra $$$ and get this over the rebel xti . you wo n't be disappointed 
health neg 654.txt bayer is a name-brand aspirin . any brand-name drug will cost at least double of that of the equivalent generic aspirin . i give this a one-star rating not because it is a poor product , rather , because it is so expensive . the dosage is 81 mg , taken to thin the blood to prevent heart attacks and strokes ( generally taken by older individuals who perhaps have arteriosclerosis , have had a heart attack or stroke ) . aspirin is a wonder-drug , the very first analgesic / anti-inflammatory medication to hit the market over 100 years ago . it is for mild to moderate pain and treats many different conditions such as arthritis , bone inflammation , joint pain , and even reduces fever . aspirin causes blood platelets to not adhere to each other , thus it " thins " the blood and prevents blood clots from forming . aspirin is thus used in emergency treatment of heart attacks and strokes . some folks take a " baby " aspirin ( 81-160 mgs ) each day to prevent blood clots from forming . aspirin is actually acetyl-salicylic acid . manufacturers alter the structure of aspirin slightly to grant it different properties in terms of its digestion , to make digestion easier . some buffer it with antacids while others coat the tablet with a coating that prevents its digestion in the stomach ( like ecotrin ) . regular aspirin , without any buffering or coatings is tolerated by most people , but some cannot take it without severe stomach upset . for these folks , the buffered form is a god-send . unfortunately , aspirin fell out of favor in the 60 's and 70 's when reye 's syndrome developed in some children ( under the age of 16 ) who took aspirin while they had the flu and / or chickenpox . about 30% of the children affected died and many more had permanent brain damage . because of reye 's syndrome , alternate analgesics were placed on the market , the premier being tylenol . there is no reason to fear using aspirin if you are an adult , as reye 's syndrome only occurred in children under 16 years of age . the usual dose of aspirin is 350 mg , with the " extra-strength form at 500 mg . most adults will easily tolerate a dose of 650 mg ( 2 tablets ) every 4 hours with a maximum daily dose of 5 , 200 mg . ( some with rheumatoid arthritis take up to 7200 mg / day with a doctor 's supervision ) . there is no additional benefit to taking more than 1 , 000 mg every 4 hours . increasing the dose beyond this point will only increase the toxicity of aspirin . aspirin should be avoided in people taking blood-thinning medications , those with stomach ulcers , and used with caution in insulin-dependent diabetics . allergies can develop to aspirin as well . never mix aspirin with any of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatories , such as ibuprofen , as there is no pain benefit and the gastric upset chance is greatly increased . do n't mix aspirin with alcohol either , as it is hard on the stomach . used properly , aspirin is a terrific medication . i prefer to buy my aspirin in a generic form . one pays more for aspirin if it is produced by a name-brand manufacturer . however , the big-manufacturers also package aspirin in some of the buffered forms that some people tolerate better . jim " konedog " koenig 
dvd neg 595.txt what a great cast ! i mean looking at this line up you just have to watch this movie , right ? after it starts it is so mesmerizingly awful that you still have to watch it , although you are shaking your head in disbelief ! stunning ! you 've never seen anything quite like it ! if you are a fan of the campy awful , you may see it as a masterpiece , if not you will still have a unique viewing experience . proceed at your own risk ! borrow or rent it before plunking down your hard earned cash to buy it . did i mention the great cast ? so many of my favorites...even goodman ca n't save this clunker 
books pos 675.txt these came yesterday and i started using them right away . i was able to learn ( for recognition only ) 12 new jlpt3 kanji in under 30 minutes so this product is definitely worth it . before using this i learned all jlpt4 kanji by writing it over and over again on scratch paper . that was a more thorough method but ive decided that for now , recognition is more important than writing so wrp flashcards are a big help . as others have noted , they have a nice look and feel to them . all nihongo students should have this in their arsenal . you 'll definitely have an advantage over fellow classmates who waste valuable time making their own flashcards . 
dvd pos 2.txt i covered a similar theme in my international relations ma - whilst any programme made for tv has to be reasonable breif on the subject , i found this to be a very well argued and produced programme . i recomend it , not so much as some dark conspiracy , but more a genuine question about large private interest with huge influence in a democratic country . we should question to make sure that what happens in our name , is always in our interest 
camera pos 87.txt hi have a rebel extreme , and needed to use the high-speed mode.. . but the flash could n't even vaguely keep up . i was taking pictures of dancers , so needed a flash system that could keep up . the speedlite really does this perfectly - i 'm able to take a rapid-fire sequence of photos , and this flash system is there each time . i do n't know if it really helps when taking a single photo , but if you want a flash that can keep up , this one is great ! i like it so much , i 'm planning on buying one or two more for my next shoot , to run in slave mode with this one . 
software pos 799.txt i believe it is important to say that i am a quickbooks proadvisor . as a technical consultant to small businesses , i began supporting quickbooks several years ago after i saw how it benefited my clients . i began useing quickbooks myself in 1999 for my business . this version is one of the best advances i have seen . the new home page shows the various work-flows in an easy to understand format , making it easy to get to the form i need with one click . i really like the new " centers " for customers , vendors and employees . most of the information i need when looking for history with a customer or vendor is available when i click on the customer or vendor name . with one more click i can easily see the original transaction . i used to have to go through several screens to get to the information i needed . the industry customization in the premier edition is a great addition and well worth the additional investment . i have a client using the contractor edition . the contractor center provides a quick glance at how the business is doing . the job cost reporting is an excellent tool to help better manage the business by comparing actual to estimated costs . they have been able to improve their estimates based on the information quickbooks makes available to them . the key to having the information you need is to make sure you get it setup properly in the beginning . spend some time reviewing the excellent on-line training and help before you setup your company files . if you do n't like reading the instructions , another option would be to get the help of a local quickbooks proadvisor for assistance . i highly recommend it . 
dvd neg 172.txt highly acclaimed . that , i knew . i watched the first 30 minutes , which is 1 / 4 of the movie , before i decided to hang it up . new lady moves into a conservative french town and opens a chocolate shop . this upsets the local church , even before she begins unleashing secret desires and so forth with her sinful chocolate . okay . can you really carry 2 hours with this single plot ? nope . this one 's boring . 
music neg 353.txt i love ray charles when ray 's doing ray . this was terrible . ray was out of tune , out of touch and the song selection was ridiculous . i 'm sorry ray , i love you . it 's a shame this had to be one of your last cd 's 
software pos 164.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone . 
dvd pos 498.txt my girlfriend made me buy this video after a night of dancing at the local club . all i can say is that the way marlon builds steps made it easy for someone who has no coordination like me . looking forward to getting part ii next 
camera pos 606.txt you wo n't go wrong with a panasonic dv . i 've had a few models . i have several of this model for my business . they 're rock solid reliable , nice and small for portability , and the quality of the recording is very goo 
camera pos 623.txt you ca n't beat the hd picture quality from the hv20 based on actual user reviews and comparisons with all of the latest models . while this is a single cmos sensor , it is a true 1920 x 1080 hd sensor of the same quality found in the award winning canon digital slr cameras . do n't be fooled by a 3ccd camcorder that uses smaller sensor sizes and must use " pixel shifting " . i had already hooked up the hv20 to my 720p projector , and it did look great even at my typical 120 " . but i do know that my projector probably is n't calibrated very well to be honest . so , my first wow moment came when i decided to capture some of my best outdoor footage from my canon elura stock and compare it to some hv20 footage shot of my kids over the weekend at an easter egg hunt . wow , the difference in quality was even more pronounced than i realized . i guess that the resolution difference is what it is , but this is definitely serious hd quality . the real defining wow moment that has me " selling " all of my family and friends on this camcorder came last night when i hooked it up at my brother-in-law 's house to his sony wega crt hdtv display that does 1080i and is calibrated to perfection . you wo n't find a higher quality hd display than his set imo , and my jaw dropped when my video first came up on his display that was the first time when i was truly able to see what my source footage was capable of in terms of its full resolution and amazing colors . we switched to discovery hd on his set , and other than obvious production value aspects you honestly could n't really say that it looked any more hd than the footage of my kids playing . this is way more exciting to me than when i first saw broadcast hd and watched monday night football because it is hard to describe how cool it is to see your kids on video in beautiful hd for a $1 , 000 price point . i can hardly wait to get out there and shoot some more footage . 
dvd pos 772.txt this dvd version of the movie looks great and is very enjoyable . hayley mills is her usual irrepressible self , and the supporting cast is top notch . the feline actor in particular ! ; ) i do n't quite understand the anger from some other reviewers about the fullscreen format . it did n't bother me at all . disappointment i could understand , but this kind of vitriol ? it 's still a very watchable and enjoyable film for all ages , and i found it a refreshing change from the dumbed-down " kid 's " movies they tend to make these days . adults will enjoy the suspenseful story , retro style , and feline antics just as much as kids will . i 'd skip the remake and get the original 
camera neg 278.txt ok , i was hasty in this purchase . at first glance it seemed a small price to pay for a camera case...about $14 , shipping included . then i got the camera case and found the dimensions somewhat lacking in the space requirement for the camera i ordered . you see , the dimensions listed under " more details " are for the outside of the case , not the inside ( but it does n't say interior nor exterior , just gives dimensions ) . turns out , not only do you have to click " more details , " ( fine print ) you also have to click " more technical details . " ( finer print ) wish i had now . just wasted $9 for shipping on a 6 oz camera case . electrogalaxy will not refund shipping charges , and they charge a %20 restocking fee . so , at most , after i pay return shipping , ( the case is only $4 ) i might get back $2. so , yeah i was hasty , but i was also robbed 
health neg 879.txt does n't show you what station you are listening to . it starts over at 88.9 every time you shut it off . by the time you scan a few stations , it stops getting a signal and you have to start off at 88.9 , again . 
books pos 88.txt over 20 years after it was published , the story of the israeli attempt to eradicate massive and repeated terrorist attacks emanating from the plo ( bubba 's / jacques / un 's buddy yasser ) in lebanon is no less important . interestingly , lebanon is still struggling to rid itself of syrian occupation . they have gone from the vegan dictator hafez assad murdering opponents and journalists to the syrian optometrist dictator murdering opponents and journalists ( another killed last week 7 / 2005 ) . in this review , i will attempt to explain the story , the left-wing / doves reporter 's views ( and on so many levels his mistakes ) , and most importantly to americans who love and support israel , the correlation between israel 's actions and our " war on terror . " first to the journalists , the main one being the left wing newspaper haraatz ze'ev schiff . as the brilliant reviewer givbatam3 points out nearby , mr. schiff is a member of the israeli left / dove / peace now group . this " coalition " consists of myopic people ( with all due respect ) that do n't seem to understand good and evil . just as our great president bush was criticized for denouncing the " axis of evil " ( he forgot to mention syria and the house of saud ) , these doves conveniently choose to ignore the problems with cooperating with our / their enemies . this is what lead to the fraudulent oslo accords and the creation of the terrorist supporting palestinian authority . it is this " authority " that unleashed a wave of terror on israel immediately after clinton helped the murderer arafat receive a nobel peace prize . fittingly , arafat walked away from the clinton / barak plan in 2000 , which would have created a palestinian state , which to this day ( 7.8.05 ) does not exist despite the charade of the road map . the authors accuse prime minister sharon of illegally leading israel into the war in lebanon . most of the books i 've read about israel seem to have been written by journalists out to discredit sharon . he seems to be the donald rumsfeld of israel . i do n't live there so it is impossible for me to get a read on the situation , but he was democratically elected , so most of the voters must disagree with the left 's assessment of mr. sharon ( yes , i know his " disengagement " is an illegal abomination , more on that later . wear orange to support the settlers . ) on page 39 , mr. ze'ev describes sharon as " a cynical , headstrong executor who regarded the idf as his personal tool for obtaining sweeping achievements-and not necessarily defensive ones-and a minister prepared to stake the national interest on his struggle for power . " those would prove to be the " kindest " words he would have for mr. sharon . on page 58 , he accuses sharon of implementing a quasi-coup d'etat . and on and on it goes . the author also accuses sharon of duping the american government , details forthcoming . later on , we learn of the " courageous , freedom fighter " ( my emphasis ) arafat 's decision to deploy all palestinians including 12 year old boys to kill israelis . of course , to this day the pa affiliated fatah and other groups use children to murder israeli civilians ( the best non-child attack recently was the palestinian woman who was granted permission to receive medical care in israel who tried to kill innocent israeli doctors / nurses using " bomber pants . " great video of her discovering the bomb would n't activate , however us msm {mainstream media} other than fox refused to air it . ) on page 92 , we learn of arafat crony and current pa leader abu mazen 's ( the same oslo and road map violating , terrorist supporting / enabling , holocaust denying , chain-smoking mazen that gw brazenly brought to the white house ) recommendation to target specific ethnic types of jews for murder . throughout the story , if indeed the cabinet was mislead , we learn that this deception had negative military preparedness consequences . specifically , a failure to call up the reserves . to his credit and unlike journalists robert fisk ( pity the nation ) and thomas friedman ( ny times , from lebanon to jerusalem ) , mr. schiff reminds us of the level of terror practiced by ray-ban wayfarer wearing arafat even inside his own plo . on page 147 , we learn of palestinians killing palestinians that were given the chance to evacuate an area prior to idf action . in this episode , three children were gunned down in front of their father . on page 149 , the authors engage in a disgusting bit of analysis about the minds of idf members . in discussing a particularly brutal phase of the operation , the author 's ask " was it perhaps fueled by an even deeper sense of vengeance for all the harm and hatred that the jews had suffered at the hands of others over the centuries ? " and further , " how would the grandparents of these boys have reacted to the scene of mayhem.. . ? " are you kidding me ? ? these members of the citizen army were probably quite sick of repeated murders of innocent israeli citizens and committed to seeing their country living in peace . meanwhile , the un , the left / doves , the media , and others seemed to downplay or turn a blind eye to arafat 's involvement in the many terrorist attacks conducted by the plo prior to the lebanon operation . in my humble view , something had to be done . prime minister begin agreed with sharon 's initial plan on eliminating the terrorists in beirut . page 152 features more america bashing , culminating in an accusation that the us was an israeli dupe . the story of the military operation is detailed completely . and no discussion of the lebanon operation would be complete without mentioning the incidents in the refugee camps in sabrit and shatilla . i 'll leave it for the reader to decide on this operation , but in short , israel relied on their " allies " in lebanon to rid the camps of terrorists . most assuredly , after the palestinians brought havoc to these people , they wanted revenge . the result : some civilian deaths to go along with the " clean up " operation and a rebuke of several israeli figures including prime minister sharon . folks , war is not pretty and the us faced similar choices in partnering with the northern alliance in afghanistan . many to this day say that is why we allegedly " lost " bin laden in tora bora instead of adequately deploying our troops on the pakistan border . general tommy franks says this would not have been possible and i believe him more than the kerry / kedwards crowd . our " ally " pakistan would not have tolerated a us presence , given that they were one of only three governments with relations with the taliban . as for the author 's attempts to rid israeli society of prime minister sharon , it did n't work . he forcefully fought the charges emanating from the investigation into the lebanon operation . after yasser walked all over clinton in barak in 2000 and launched / restarted the intifada , israel voted for " arik " and his platform of not negotiating with arafat . sadly , no tragically , he is haphazardly implementing his " disengagement plan . " six weeks prior to its start , it appears the plan is not well thought out and polls show that israelis are increasingly against it . moreover , turning land over to terrorist supporting mazen will embolden those that seek israel 's destruction . israel expects terror gangs of hamas , islamic jihad , and mazen 's own fatah to immediately set up shop in the west bank and begin terror operations . so looking back mr. schiff and ya'ari , who was right ? terror coddling doves such as rabin ( who at least acknowledged the danger in trusting arafat ) and peres or likud hawks such as sharon ( and netanyahu ) ? let the reader decide . i know who i would trust with my security : likud members sharon and netanyahu . 
camera pos 185.txt okay , first off , i 'd like to say that this is my first af slr- -i stepped up from my dinosaur of a camera , canon ae-1 manual focus , and right now i am quite overwhelmed by all the features in this little thing . i 'm still in the learning stages of all this technology but let me tell you this , i am having fun ! it amazes me that canon can offer quite an impressive camera for the price . i just received my first few rolls from the developer and the pictures came out amazing- -so clear and the colors are very vibrant . just to let you know , i 'm using the 28-105mm f / 3.5-4.5 usm lens . i took the suggestions of many and passed up on the " kit " lens and i 'm sure glad i did so . i would highly recommend the f / 3.5-4.5 lens , but unfortunately for the rest of you , amazon has discontinued it . but you could order it from one of the many other photo shops ( b&h , adorama , etc ) . do i have any regrets on this purchase ? absolutely not ! i love this camera and even though i 've owned it for less than a month , i 'm actually thinking about stepping up to the eos 3 and using this as a backpacking / hiking body . hmm...what to do , what to do ? do i purchase another body or start a collection of l-series glass ? ...that is the question . 
music neg 698.txt based on the reviews for this cd i decided to buy it without having sampled it . big mistake . i love , among others , marshall crenshaw , don dixon and peter holsapple , but what happened here ? this was so not fabulous 
dvd neg 326.txt i live in south africa where the series appeared 20 years ago.thanks to amazon i was able to relive the wonder of archie bunker where each episode provides laughs from one of the family , each of whom is brilliantly cast.i have series 3&4 and now want 1&2.do n't wait any longer , 24 episodes of absolute delight await you 
software neg 428.txt the new look is very nice . but , when you install , you have also to keep the previous version ( in well behaved software , automatically the previous version is cleaned.. . not here ) . the system of validation of license through internet for the physical machine is fine , i just hope that i will not have a disk crash and then waste time to be authorised to re-install a product that i rightfully paid ( and at such a price ) . well , make sure you : - do not try to de-install 5 , 5 after the install of cs2 ( or bye-bye the license ) - have a clean and robust backup of your installation... . i am not sure i will make the next upgrade... . 
dvd pos 394.txt the absolute fore runner to the musical / movie chicago ! if you love music , dancing and a poinant story with great acting...this is it 
health neg 976.txt first of all , the battery that was supposed to be enclosed was not . when i bought a 9 volt battery and installed it , it would not stay attached when putting it back in the battery compartment . finally , i got a read out , and entered my height and age . then i stood on the scale and got nothing - no weight , no body fat , nothing , but the word error , at which point i boxed it up and sent it back for a refund 
software neg 100.txt i used version 8 and 9 and never experienced a problem . version 10.latest version is terrible . crash and burn . do n't take their advice and re-install your operating system . its their software and not the os . amazon and pinnacle ( avid ) continue to sell this product even though its terrible . i read it was re-written for version 10 and they ca n't get it right . nonetheless , they still charge full price and for support calls . the upgrade should have been free . there are several good products now so pinnacle is n't your only choice . i changed to sony vegas and am very happy but it does a have a learning curve . for super simple try ulead or one of the others . 
software neg 725.txt far from user-friendly , you will be at the office later at night tearing out your hair trying to find the buttons on the tool bar for even the simplest of office tasks , wondering " why did i get this program again ? " its like reading another language after using previous editions of word , which i was a big fan of . i guess with some extensive getting used to the it might be nice but for now it 's a nuisance . i ca n't find anything on this toold bar that looks like an airplane cockpit . in the words of thoreau " simplify . " good luck sending files as attachments to colleagues-they wo n't be able to view the newere version . get used to saving in " 97-2003 word format . " also , wo n't comply with other programs such as e-fax unless saved in this manner . at this price , you could do without the headache . 
camera pos 765.txt this rangefinder is great ! much lighter than the big bulky other units . has all the great features that is needed . this is one that you will take with you and not leave in the truck because it 's too big . i tested this against some of my buddies ' bigger units at known distances and this one out did the bigger units in speed and accuracy . great scan mode . best buy . should be sold for about ( $ ) more than asked for 
software pos 510.txt before buying quickbooks you should google : quickbooks 2007 simple start free starter edition . this free version never times out . you can immediately download 400m or get the cd with no shipping charge . the big limit in the free upgradeable version is you only get 20 total customers and vendors , so it is ideal for students and those with limited needs 
books neg 270.txt yet another offering from the kinkade art product assembly line . pass on this - - read real books and buy real art instead 
camera neg 398.txt the article that receipt is difrente to that of the photo that appears . the conector to the camera is not usb / fire wire , but it is a type nini stereo 
software pos 2.txt i concur with the review that points up the problems with adobe 's new " license manager " method of activation . when you pay as much as you do for this app , or the entire suite , you should not be faced with complete lockup should you have hardware problems , or ca n't connect to the internet from " location shooting . " i took one star off for this egregious marketing tactic . that said , this version of photoshop is superb , an otherwise 5-star app . if you take the time to use the tutorials included in the help ( used to be separate folders , with chapters 1 - 4 of the classroom in a book , but no more alas ) , or get one of deke mcclelland 's fine tomes and do all the lessons , there is nothing in this app that the novice ca n't start to use from day one . with today 's point & shoot cameras packing more resolution , and more manual control , into their functions , use of photoshop becomes more than just a hobby . you can really " rescue " photos that are too dark , too bright , exceedingly color-shifted , from the " cut " folder and still make prints . further , the camera raw functionality allows anyone with a sufficiently functional digicam to touch up snapshots into fine photography . a warning : you need the fastest processor you can afford ( a core duo or quatro will be superb ) , and as much ram as your system can take . there is an optional performance plug-in which maximizes performance on systems with more than 1 gigabyte of ram . you need at least that much under windows xp to get good performance out of ps cs2. if you can use 2gb or more dual-channel memory , that 's even better ( the dual-channel ram adds a small boost when handling large file sizes , e.g. camera raw image sources ) . if you do n't have these , do n't expect photoshop to act fast . adobe bridge is a major improvement for this version . it offers superior file and image management functions , and can even do batch editing on images . you can even perform camera raw adjustments right from bridge . bridge can perform batch processes while you edit in photoshop . if that is n't cool , i do n't know what is . if you doubt me , check out deke mcclelland 's photoshop cs2 one-on-one tutorial for his chapter on using adobe bridge . his video introduction ( included on a dvd in the book ) , and chapter on using and customizing bridge , are terrific introductions . if you 're a user of versions 5.x ( as i was ) , 6 , or 7 , upgrading to cs2 is a no-brainer . do n't wait . get it now before the adobe license manager gets worse in 2007 
music neg 131.txt there is a reason why you cannot listen to any tracks on amazon - you would n't buy if you could . i read a number of reviews and figured that it was worth a try given that metallica was mentioned as being similar in some small way . this band is nothing even near metallica . i have thrown the disk away - do n't bother 
health neg 83.txt the pedometer arrive held prisoner in a difficult-to-open plastic cell - - what are these " packaging engineers " thinking ? it took me ten minutes and two ruined fingernails to open it , and then i took the scissors to it , and the hard packaging almost broke them ! but i was thrilled . a handsome object , thought i , and i loved the clip in the back that you pinch to open . so much better than having to wrestle it down over a soft waistband . i yanked out the plastic battery protector and set to work to rev the thing up to speed . but , alas , it would not follow instructions as they were written . " press and hold the set button . hour display blinking . " ( could they not have said , " the hour display will blink " ? i pressed . " press memory button to adjust the hour . " i did . the memory button never did a thing . so i asked a friend of mine to try and he had no luck either . we both tried several combinations of maneuvers , but nothing worked . to this moment , the hour display is blinking , blinking , blinking . i 'd like to get my money back , but ya know what ? j & r music & computer world in ny demand such a rigamarole to send it back , including with all the original packaging ( i threw the op in the trash ) , that you almost have to be a genius in packaging to follow their instructions , which , of course , are not designed to benefit the consumer but to benefit only themselves . now i 'm afraid this pedometer will follow its packaging into the trash , while i will make sure i never order from j&r again . 
software pos 153.txt absolutely the easiest upgrade of a microsoft os that i 've ever done , & as a retired hardware engineer , i 've done a lot in the past . it 's one sweet os 
health neg 706.txt the very first thing i noticed was how small and crammed the case was . it was almost impossible to fit everything back in the case without thinking you have damaged something . the other thing was how awkward the entire assembly was . the bonnnet was difficult to get on , mainly because the hose connected to the bonnet was heavy and in an awkward place , and kept pulling the bonnet off my head . after a couple of trys and reading the instructions , i knew i would never use it , simply because it was such a struggle just to get it on your head . whoever designed this product should be demoted 
camera neg 9.txt i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again 
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be 
health neg 37.txt although i have used many electronic cuff devices in the past , this is one of the worst at providing accurate readings . firstly , the cuff is not adequate for very small or larger wrists and the readings are often lower than what you would get if the blood pressure were taken manually the traditional way . in a clinical setting , it is important that you get adequate readings so that the patient can receive the proper treatment based on their readings . it is imperative since you may or may not give medication depending on what you recive via the blood pressure measurement . i have taken a blood pressure manually after getting what i considered a questionable reading only to discover that the wrist blood pressure was far too low and more aggressive measures had to be taken because of the data that was retrieved the old fashioned way . imagine had i taken the initial reading as truth and the patient may have had a stroke as a result . as a rule , i never recommend using these devices for at home use because of the risk of false readings . many people who suffer from hypertension feel that this is a good way of monitoring their blood pressure when in actuality it is giving them a false sense of security . if you are considering buying this product for at home use or for use in a clinical setting , please ask your doctor or nurse for their opinions . 
books neg 793.txt if you want the why and the wherefore ... stay away . informative to general audiences , it provides little scientific support for its contention . with the wealth of information out there , this was not the critical review needed , nor was it terribly informative about any particular statin-caused effect 
books neg 877.txt i found it to lean very heavily towards a hierarchal view of the relationship between men and women . men are to rule , and women are to submit to that rule . the authors appear to see women as perpetual children who need to be under the continual domination of men , rather than as adults who deal with men on an adult level . i suggest anyone who reads this books should also read " discovering biblical equality . " it gives another view of how the christians world see the role of women 
books pos 77.txt this book is a very good study into what happen to the lost ten tribes of israel . mr. capt did a great job in back tracking by using the clay tablets that were found in assyria which list the tribes by the name which was used by the assyrians which is called the house of omri . this book is very in depth and very informative . i also noticed a person left one star because mr. capt did say anything about the jews . of course the jew 's would n't be metioned they were n't taken into exile until 586 bce , and that was by babylonia and not assyria . when reading about the ten tribes people need to know that the ten tribes were not jews . over all i give five stars and it is a must have for a historian or an avid bible reader intrested in research 
books neg 773.txt the information is sketchy and factually incorrect in some places , and the book would appear not to have been proof-read - for example the botanical names are mis-spelled in several different ways . there are much better books on the subject available 
camera neg 625.txt this is a good example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners against . the first red flag is the ridiculously high maximum magnification of over 700x . do you know what you will see at 700x in this scope ? nothing but a dim blur . note that the objective ( main ) lens is 60mm . all telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good . the finder is useless , smaller than the bare minimum size of 6x30. finding anything but the moon will be time-consuming and frustrating . the low power 20mm eyepiece may or may not be usable on the scope , depending on its design and field of view . that the design information is not given in the ad is disturbing . and do n't even think of using the 4mm ( high power ) eyepiece or the barlow . i do not recommend equatorial mounts for beginners . their tracking properties are primarily for astrophotography , and for this they require careful setup . the equatorial mount on this scope is provided primarily as a marketing gimmick to impress nave buyers with its complex " scientific " appearance . in a way , it is hard to fault celestron for making and marketing this scope . their upper-tier instruments are quite good , but the big money appears to be made on mass market toys like this . in one sense the sale of these scopes subsidizes their good models . just make sure , gentle reader , to stay away from the toys . using an astronomical telescope is not like playing an mp3 file and but rather like playing a guitar . it is a learned skill . and you must do a lot of homework before you buy a telescope . buying without prior experience is like buying a car without knowing anything about driving . if you want to see the wonders of the sky , contact your local astronomy club and attend one of their star parties . the members love sharing their hobby and can set you straight as to how to get started . the best way is to learn the sky with the unaided eye and 10x50 binoculars ( decent ones are available on amazon ) , then graduate to something along the lines of a 150-200mm ( 6-8 " ) dobsonian ; celestron 's own 6 " starhopper can be found on amazon for under $290. for more information on buying telescopes , see my encyclopedic guide on amazon : " so you want to buy a telescope . 
health pos 707.txt i love the smell of an essential oil in the air . i 've tried tealight burners , a smear on a low-burning lamp , and a miniature crockpot designed for aromatherapy . the pearlessence spa mist is absolutely the best ever for diffusing an odor and continuing to diffuse it for an extended period of time . because i live in a humid climate , i was concerned that misting would only add to mold problems and perhaps mar wooden furniture . the cool mist instantly absorbs even into our air . the light show of the base can be turned off , but i like it most of the time . product was offered for $10 less than at a well-known local natural market chain , and shipping was free with my order over $25 with other products . 
dvd neg 761.txt i 'm sorry , but this is honestly one of the worst movies i 've ever had the displeasure of witnessing . i purchased it after reading ambitious reviews that cited this movie was what mainstream horro should be . in reality , it 's nearly everything that 's wrong with low-budget films . first off , the camera work is horrible . secondly , i 've seen more convincing actors in elementary school plays . i mean , these actors make keanu reeves look like denzel washington . and finally , the story was absolutely horribly done . i admit , the premise itself had some promise- -but the way it was executed completely took away any interest factor i might have had . plain and simply , this film was unwatchable . i turned it off 65% through it . and i would 've turned it off earlier but i was hoping for some beacon of hope to appear on the screen . if you care at all about quality , in any sense , do not go near this piece of trash 
health neg 946.txt the product is great , i already have the uni-lateral one and it rocks , so i wanted to buy the bi - lateral aka 2.. and two times they have sent me uni ones that were labeled as bi. . so your best bet is to bi 2 uni 's by themselves until amazon fixes the problem. . 
music pos 996.txt maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's . 
health pos 791.txt we use these in all of our humidifiers and they do a great job 
health pos 467.txt used to have a lot of liquid soap and shampoo get washed down the drain by my two kids.. . kids will be kids.. . but now they really like having their own dispenser buttons to push . easy to mount and easy to use 
dvd pos 954.txt " backbeat " is an excellent portrayal of the hamburg phase of the early beatles , and succeeds on every level . although purportedly intended primarily to tell the story of " fifth beatle " stuart sutcliffe , the focus quickly shifts to john lennon who ( as in real life ) dominated the music and lives of the early beatles . it is as much the story of stu and john as the story of stu and astrid , and explores the dynamics of both complex relationships . still , it is a fascinating look at the early beatles , who paid their dues by playing in some of the rough reeperbahn bars in the pre-fame years . the cast is excellent , and were obviously chosen for their talent rather than their resemblance to the characters they portrayed . the music is also excellent , and complements the story perfectly . in all , " backbeat " is an entertaining journey through the world of the early beatles , and is well worth purchasing for repeat viewings . 